"All the females in my family are twig-thin...and say anything above 110lbs is fat. How will I ever recover? My grandma is 89lbs (5'2''), my mom is 105lbs (5'4'') and my aunt is 100lbs (5'3'').  I'm the 'fattest' one in my family, at 5'4'' and naturally (when I eat healthy and exercise) 120lbs. Body fat percentage is around 14-18% depending. I am just very muscular and kind of stocky. Everyone in my family is incredibly tiny, lean, and fit.  My entire life I've been told by females in my family that men only want women who are basically under 110lbs. As a result, I developed an eating disorder at age 20 (when my metabolism ran out and I was no longer naturally thin). It's been a hell of a journey since then with lots of periods of starvation, over-exercise, and just general self-torture.  At the dinner table during thanksgiving, my grandma makes everyone go around the table and say how heavy they are. Then she says she's below 90lbs like it's some fucking badge of honor.  &amp;#x200B;  I have such fucked up beauty ideals programmed into my brain from a young age from being told this, being shamed for my body, being told how good and wonderful and attractive it is to be stick-thin. I do go to therapy for it. I can't seem to shake the utter complete fear I have of my own body weight and as a result I feel perpetually stuck in this eating disorder.  &amp;#x200B;  Just looking for words of wisdom/advice/ranting. Thanks for listening."
"Haters that i cant stand This is not like struggling with depression but i just want to say that im getting pissed off by a lot of people, i posted my first few posts today. But the haters came directly, they even started using the word c@ncer. i realized that i made a stupid and offensive post, does anyone know how to handle this? I mean deal with people who say shit about your post. Im sorry if i put this in the wrong community. (If your curious what the post was: it was an “excuse me wtf” meme.....) and im sorry if I offended anyone."
"Intense feelings of gratitude I woke up this morning with an overwhelming sense of gratitude. It was so intense and strange, like nothing I've ever experienced. I wanted to call everyone I know and thank them for anything and everything. Has anyone else ever experienced something like this?"
"i feel significantly worse in spring/summer i feel like i get reverse seasonal affective disorder. I think it's because I'm 'supposed' to be happy, everyone seems full of life and relieved winter is over.   when ive been seriously depressed, it has been at its worst over the summer. I'm dreading it because I'm doing okay ish right now but terrified of a fall. I feel extremely self conscious - I'm not even particularly overweight, just slightly overweight (coincided with the meds im taking) but I feel like I don't want anyone to see me, even though rationally I understand no one cares about that.   I feel like the miserable guy from notes from the underground who just wants to hide under his rock in his apartment and actively not engage with life. On paper I have it ok and feel like I shouldn't complain. But spring and summer tend to just make me feel awful. Maybe I should move somewhere cold and dark."
"Took a big step by going to the doctor! I have had severe anxiety and panic attacks going on something like 10 years now, and have tried everything under the sun to get rid of it. Breathing, meditation, herbal supplements, mind games, hypnosis, everything. But I finally realized that this isn’t going away, this is a medical issue, and it needs to be medically managed. I’m writing this after just seeing a new doctor. I am starting down the road of getting anxiety medication and truly starting to manage this illness. I haven’t felt this optimistic in years and am truly hoping something great comes of this!"
"Experiences with nicotine? Hey all. Having a very anxiety-attacky 48 hours as it would seem.   I can’t seem to get myself to chill.   Going to a tea shop today, and I’m gonna see what the strongest green tea they have is. There seems to be something about tea that can be insanely calming.  I have an ecig in my bag that I haven’t really touched in the last couple weeks (used to be on that shit religiously, and decided on a little hiatus last month.) Had a couple hits yesterday, but I’m not sure if it really did anything. (Also tasted a lot different than I remember it being. Not really a fan tbh.)  Any chance that nicotine could help me feel like a functioning human today?   If not, what should I try? (Already seeing a doctor for mental health stuff btw. Just not on anything that *specifically targets* anxiety atm.)"
Please anyone Please please talk to me I’m feel so black
"Palate expander anyone? My 8 year old just got his palate expander after school today. I feel so guilty. I know his speech will clear up in a few days, but I am concerned about his eating—he already has a fear of choking. Also, I worry about him getting enough calories.   Can anyone help? Advice?   I know it’s for his own good, but it’s so hard to see him like this."
"Shotgun Ammo- 12 guage 2 3/4 00 Buck --- Federal Powershok vs Federal tactical LE with Flite Control Wad Hello, I have been searching for a while in youtube, reddit and overall google for this  question and I could not find the exact answer I need. I have a qualification for a shotgun test, and it important to me to choose the right ammo that will give me the tighter grouping as possible. There is not many gun store where I am so the two that are near gave me some what different answers. One said Powershok (Powershok uses a triple plus wad system over flitecontrol.) it uses  pattern is basically the same as the Flite control shell and the other one told me the flite control offers a tighter grouping. I do not know much about shotgun or ammo, so I was wondering which ammo would be best for the tightest grouping for maybe 10 or 15 yards.  TLDR: Which offers the best grouping and help me pass my test, powershok triple plus wad system or the flite controle wad system.  Sorry if this was asked or a pointless question. I know me passing the test is up to me as a shooter, I am wondering if any of this ammo will offer and advantage.  Edit: California Police Academy test is what I need to qualify for. Night and day shooting with shotgun, did not get the full detail but I believe its from 5-15 yards is my test."
"Not really sure what to do... To put a very long story short. I’m currently going through a super nasty divorce. I’m being discharged out of the military soon, and I’m getting ready to get kicked out of my house. And I’m constantly owing money to someone...I feel like I’m just being gutted emotionally. I don’t even really feel like a man. I can’t support myself at the moment and I feel like I’ve lost everything I worked 5 years for... I’m getting kicked out of the military for overdosing on prescribed meds with the intent of harming myself...I’ve just been in a really tough spot and I’m not sure if it’s going to get better. I’m not sure what the point of this post is. But I feel as if I have to write this out in order to find any relief. I’m just really not sure what to do...I literally had the last 10 years planned out. I guess that’s life right."
"I (32F) am in a relationship that I feel so lonely in that I IM myself doing roleplaying conversations with a friend giving encouragement and support cause he (33M) won’t let me talk to anyone about us. He has my passwords and checks my accounts, he doesn’t allow me to talk negatively about us. I don’t know if he’ll find this old throw away account or not but I feel like lashing/reaching out. He’s being awful coming after me multiple times a week with what he doesn’t like about me, my anxiety and hesitation in making investments and life changing decisions, how I’m not positive enough about his thoughts and struggle to comprehend his ever changing plans for the future. I’m lonely even though I live with him. He’s in the other room angry because I “picked another fight” about how I want to be treated.   TLDR; he’s a temperamental jerk and I’m a sensitive anxious type and it’s been a struggle feeling connected to him, or anyone, with any regularity and especially during COVID."
"Recently diagnosed BPD + a laundry list of other things and looking for a little support [24F, international grad student, living alone] I was recently (in the last couple of weeks) diagnosed with BPD + OCPD; this on top of other mental health diagnoses established fifteen and three years ago, respectively. Let me say first that *it makes so much sense*.   **TL;DR: newly diagnosed, feeling scared and alone. Help?**  On the one hand, it makes bearing that empty feeling (""I'm only me when I'm with you""/""Never the same person twice""/diagnostic ""unstable self-identity"") a lot easier, because knowing it's recognized by psychiatric medicine means I'm not making it up or just being weak-willed. And on the other hand, carrying two different ""personality"" disorders is really scary.  Things that are not helping right now:  I scarcely ever speak to my mother; I spoke to her for the first time since December yesterday. She has just been made aware (not by me, and not by my choice) that I spent 23 days in a mental hospital in the time we didn't speak. Last night she was asking invasive questions and demanded ""Well, are you going to tell me [how you've been diagnosed]?"" and I surprised myself by saying no. Context: she doesn't know the older diagnoses, either. Standing up to her is a really big deal and has taken 2200+ kilometres. When she starting shouting about why I wouldn't tell her, I said: ""Because I know you're never going to get past the stigma. Stop asking.""  I'm glad I stood against her. But I'm really getting scared about not ever being able to tell anyone because of the stigmas about ""really *really* crazy"" and ""cruel attention-seeking b!tch"". I haven't told my boyfriend yet because I'm afraid he won't take it well. He's largely sympathetic about the stuff I've already told him (the older diagnoses) but he's firmly in the camp of ""you feel bad because you're wallowing and you'll feel better when you get back to *real life*"" because I'm still in intensive outpatient (and have been for the last five weeks).   Taking a step away from my life and looking with outside eyes, my neurosis about being in control (anorexia, BDD, OCPD, coping with trauma) all makes a lot of sense. But that stereotype of ""always needs to have her way (and is cruel about getting it)"" really scares me. I don't feel like that. I've never been cruel or malicious to anyone; I have never been emotionally able to hate someone (hating my body? Oh yes, but that's different.)   Long story longer: I really just feel afraid. I really just want to be good enough. I feel like I can't talk to anyone, and would really appreciate some positive energy. Is anybody out there? Does it feel like this forever?"
"How do I stop thinking about all the idiotic things I did while drunk? It’s 2:30 in the morning and I can’t sleep because I’m constantly thinking about all the dumb shit I did while drunk. I black out most of the time whenever I do drink. So here I am thinking about what I did in my blacked out stage.  Although it has been a while since I’ve did something embarrassing while drunk, I constantly think about every embarrassing moment I do remember."
"I feel like I have been ripped off by my boss So I am an ambassador at the university of Houston and I basically give tours and host events. I am going to try and go into as much detail as possible so it’s not confusing. So I have a job as an ambassador and I am a desk assistant for the psychology department, and I can only get paid for one job through work study so I chose to get paid by the psychology department and just volunteer as an ambassador. My boss at my job as an ambassador told me (keep in mind none of this is in writing so I’m in a bit of a predicament) that she would set money aside so that I can get some sort of payment and not just be working for free, but in exchange of that I will have to give more tours than I usually do. That was not a problem for me so I did it. By the end of the semester I asked her about the money again and she said what she will try and do is give me a book scholarship for next semester and that it shouldn’t be a problem . Now is the time I need to buy books, so I email my boss and she tells me that the book scholarship is unavailable and basically blames the paying system. I have money set aside for emergencies, but I was really needing that book scholarship. My dad had a brain tumor and has failing kidneys so my parents don’t have enough money to really help me out. I want to quit my job as an ambassador because the management is unprofessional, and I want to tell my boss how I feel and how what she did was wrong, but I need this on my resume if I want to get into medical school. Although the management is terrible it really is a good leadership position. I’m not sure if I should complain to her boss, talk to her and communicate, or just email HR and tell them what’s happening. I appreciate all the advice given"
I want to opt out I keep ruining everything and I think it's best if i quit now. Do I wake her up to tell her or just leave a note
"Does anyone here in there early to mid 20's ever feel self conscious about being behind compared to your peers? Everyone my age is finishing college, buying houses, getting married and having kids. I am just now starting college, still living at home and can barely have a conversation with a cashier. I try not to compare myself to others but some times I just feel so far behind. Does anyone else ever feel this way?"
"DAE lose their appetite, and not wanna eat anything, the thought of food makes you nauseous and sometimes you just fixate on one safe food completely??? I have no idea why this happens to me occasionally, I don't wanna eat anything and even feel nausea and aversion to foods, even most of my favorite or safe foods. Then I fixate on one food completely, for example previously scrambled eggs, oatmeal, soup... this week it's chipotle sofritas bowl??? wtf man, I just wanna feel normal again."
"Drinking a single beer before long highway drive to relax nerves and driving anxiety? Hello all, so I know the title is a bit alarming and feel free to virtually smack me across the head if this is a completely foolish idea, but I have to take a 3 hour drive across the state tomorrow and as per usual, I am getting pretty nervous. I know in no world is it acceptable to condone drinking to alleviate stress and anxiety, ESPECIALLY if it involves being behind the wheel, but my reasoning is that what always put me at the most risk when doing this drive is my complete inability to relax and I'll do all sorts of dumb things on highways out of nervousness, such as brake when going down a hill (it is a very long elevation drop) or even worse, once I got super anxious because I was trying to pass a pickup truck and always get nervous when a long string of tailgaters gets behind me, which caused me to try to switch lanes into the pickup truck lane earlier than I felt comfortable doing, but then getting anxious that I was going down a hill and impulsively decided to break while passing the pickup truck -- a very, very big no no. The drive is not at all hard, and like I've said, I've done it many times, my only fear is that often times anxiety clouds my ability to think clearly when driving at those speeds (highway speeds); I am a very good driver otherwise. I am thinking that for as bad as an idea ""drinking a beer (or maybe even half of the beer, a 5% ABV 12 oz beer to be exact) before getting behind the wheel would actually be safer in the long run. My first panic attack of my entire life was actually driving this exact drive, which was much more dangerous on an interstate than having a beer would have been (got super dizzy, couldn't really see, had to pull off the side of the highway super quickly, you know how it goes). After that, I often took a teeny bit of prescribed klonopin to help with the nerves of this specific drive, however I have unfortunately been out for a long time, because I only fear panic attacks now when driving long distances so it is no longer necessary. Hence where the single beer (or less) comes in -- it is to be equivalent to the tiny dose of benzodiazepines I would ideally like to take before driving. Also, I am not afraid of the legality side of it, because it is highly unlikely I'd be pulled over and breathalyzed at noon on a Tuesday, and even if by the slim odd chance this did happen, I would be so significantly under the legal limit I am nearly certain I would be okay.   &amp;#x200B;  Does anybody have any experience with this? Feel free to shoot me down if I am being completely foolish."
"Crippling anxiety about current world events is killing me Sorry if this is the wrong place to post this. I feel like I'm losing my mind. I've always had anxiety about world events, or stuff that is just out of my control in general. I'm not a very political person but it's just hard to avoid it these days.   An example of what happens to me is I'll come across some article on the internet, or see something on the news, that will just send me into paralyzing fear. Like the other day I read an article about how America's power grid is vulnerable, and a foreign government could shut it down easily, sending the entire country into darkness for months. I don't know how plausible this is but now I'm really scared. And I've felt terrible for the past few days. Can't sleep, don't have an appetite, etc.  This happens all the time. I just want to escape it all. It gets to the point where I just sit there and think about all the horrible thing that could go wrong. I can't enjoy anything because I'm so scared of the future. Everything is so chaotic now and everyone is so divided that I just wish I could disappear and not be aware of any of it.   I'm just venting because I don't know where else to go. I feel like I just want someone to tell me it'll be okay. But I know that it might not be okay."
"I push people away because of social anxiety, but there’s nothing I want more than friendship. I’m stuck in a lose-lose situation.   My social anxiety and OCD makes it almost unbearable to be around people. I push friends away as quickly as I make them, and it’s rare for me to even make a friend in the first place. But at the same time, I constantly feel lonely. All I want is a group of friends who can appreciate me for who I am, and that I enjoy spending time with. It seems like in my current situation, happiness is impossible. I’ve tried making online friends, and it’s usually successful because I find my social anxiety doesn’t get in the way, but they never seem to last long or really care about me. Has anyone been in the same situation? Does anyone know what I could do?"
"Please help me. (long) Okay let me clear this up right out the bat. I have not been diagnosed with PTSD officially. I am still a minor, and I live at home with my parents. They refuse to believe that mental disorders exist and will not permit me to get any kind of mental help because they can't come to terms that their child might not be ""normal.""  When I was very young, I was the victim of voilent sexual assault. It scarred me very bad mentally, and I continue to be abused and harassed by the same person. I have told my parents, but they don't believe me. It really hurts to know that they're not on my side, and it also hurts to know that nobody is here to protect me from him. My abuser is a part of my family, so I can't get away from him either.  Many things have come out of these assaults. I lost my sense of freedom and my feeling of being in control of myself, and my body no longer feels like a home. I was diagnosed by my regular care doctor with anorexia nervosa, because I gave up on caring enough to maintain a proper body weight. I started to treat my body like it was a game, and that it no longer belonged to me.   I also have quite frequent panic attacks.  These panic attacks effect my everyday life, and they stop me from being able to function normally. I often do not complete in-class assignments because of a very bad panic attack, which makes me unable to focus or move.   They are often a result of someone commenting something about sex or rape (which is very commonplace, because I'm in high school). I have very graphic flashbacks, because the biggest assualt is always in my mind. I feel like I can't talk or breathe because of certain things that my abuser did during the numerous times when I was being assaulted.  Sometimes, though rare, there has been occasions in the past where I have passed out because of such a bad panic attack.  I hate having panic attacks and I'm so fustrated with myself and my inability to stay calm. I'm about ready to give up because I don't know what to do.  I also feel like even if I was allowed to seek professional help, they couldn't help me. I am deathly scared of any kind of pill or medication. It gets so bad to the point that if I am forced to take a pill, in my state of fleeting panic, I will force myself to vomit to get it out of my system.  I just really don't know what to do, or how to get my parents to believe or understand me. This might be ranting/venting now that I think about it, but if you guys have any thoughts for me, please help.  Also I know I'm just a stupid kid, but I don't know if I'll grow out of this. Even if I do, I just want to be a normal kid again, a happy kid that didn't lose their sense of self or even innocence so long ago.  Again, also I am deeply sorry if this triggers anything for anybody. I think I know how it feels, and I would never wish anything like what happened to me on anybody else, not even my worst enemy."
"Anyone else get so excited when someone finally engages you in conversation, and you end up going 100 words per minute and felt like you came of even more weird and awkward? This is my problem. I can't be the one to start a conversation. I like to talk but I don't like to be the one to initiate. But when some starts a conversation, it's ""FINALLY SOMEONE TO UNLOAD ALL THIS SHIT ON!""."
"Am I going to be broken like this forever? My parents were pretty emotionally abusive to me when I was a kid. My mother literally asked me ""what are you doing to justify your existence"" on a near-daily basis. There was constant guilt-tripping. I had that ""gifted kid"" thing going on where I looked like I had enormous potential for things, but adhd and laziness meant I fell very short of expectations. She resented me for that, implying that she deserved better from me given the effort she put into raising me. I felt like I was wronging her each time I failed at something.   The thing is, now that I'm 26, she's finally stopped. For the last few months, she's treated me like an actual human being instead of an extension of her ego. I've forgiven her. There's change. It's not toxic anymore.  But I'm still stuck with all the baggage I picked up as a kid. Years of therapy haven't made it go away. I don't think anything ever will. I still hate myself every time I do something ""wrong."" I still beat myself up. Sometimes literally. I cry a LOT. I feel like I'm still a traumatized child who feels like everyone hates her and that they're right to do so. I don't want to be that kid anymore. I want to be a confident grown woman with a normal amount of self-esteem and self-respect. But I can't get there.  Will I ever get there?  Edit: I'm sorry if this is the wrong subreddit. Maybe RBN would be better, but I don't think Mom's a narcissist, she was just really shitty to me during a really formative period."
Why does leather armour help the wearer be stealthy? Because it's made of hide.
"Anxiety holds me back from being my true self Fight or flight. I freeze. I am working on myself, using the coping skills I’ve learned from CBT &amp; DBT. Without those skills I couldn’t imagine where I would be. I am grateful I don’t have to see what that looks like. It doesn’t make it any less difficult. Anxiety is there to protect me. This anxiety in me is so strong it’s doing more damage than good at this point. I will not succumb to the temptations of anxiety ruining my life."
"My mom doesn't care about my mental health because she doesn't believe in depression/anxiety Which is odd since she's experienced depression and tried to commit suicide in college once.  She also thinks therapy is a waste of money and I just need to stop thinking about the past and get over it.  All of that was an ignorant thing to say but she was just so cold. The way she spoke made me feel like she truly didn't care one bit about me. It's the same with my dad except he's louder.  I can't stop getting triggered and having a panic attack everytime I see something that reminds me of my mom. Even browsing through reddit to distract myself and seeing the word ""therapy"" triggers me.  To people out there with aloof parents, how do you get over them? Is it possible to stop thinking about them once you meet someone that cares about you?"
"For background, I am 21 and have Temporal lobe epilepsy, scarring in my hippocampus, generalized anxiety disorder, and major depressive disorder. Because of that my memory is shit so I have to live with my mom so she can make sure I do not get further brain damage from another cluster of seizures and help with my doctors. My dad is an abusive narcissist manipulative asshole who just got completely out of the picture recently by canceling my health insurance that he did not have to pay a dime for (even though I will prolly need brain surgery) and that was the only string attached. And I cannot get over my dog who was stolen from me, and I loved him more than anything in the world, which kills me every day.I have cut myself in the past and I did so again a couple days ago, cutting down past the fat and into the muscle in my thigh. I was trying to kill myself but then decided to tell my mom so she would not have to find my dead body in a pool of blood. After a day she told me that I was trying to divert her attention to me (essentially saying I am attention seeking) so I lost it on her. I bandaged it up myself and it took forever to stop the bleeding, and I did it myself so I would not have to go to the hospital and be put into another mental health hospital, because the last one I went into had abusive and manipulative nurses and techs, and food so bad I saw a rat run across it, so I ate chips every day.I have 3 good siblings and my 1 and only friend who is like a brother to me, so I stick around because I do not want to hurt them. My sister had a girlfriend who hung herself in their bathroom and my sister now has PTSD, so I know the pain suicide causes, and I wish I did not. It feels like a double edged sword of me ending my own suffering and causing them pain, or them making me stick around and causing me pain.I wish I was not suffering and the world was tolerable, but this world is full of so much suffering and unfairness that it makes me feel like it will never be tolerable. I wish everyone would just hate me for no reason so I would not have to live with the guilt of knowing the pain it will because. I want to be able to cut an artery but every time I cut I wake up from that numbness and think about how it will because others pain, and I wish I could ignore that but I cannot.I could go on a bit more but I do not want to make you read a novel lol.To anyone that reads this, thank you. I do not know how much longer I can last, yet I stick around for others around me (which is not fucking fair) (also long rant)"
"Does anyone else dislike the DSM 5 diognostic criteria? I understand the changes, of course, and I think it makes sense. It's just that I feel super weird about being a subtype of anorexia now as opposed to EDNOS... I feel so embarrassed describing myself as an atypical anoretic when I don't look remotely that way... does anyone know what I mean by this? I haven't met the diagnostic criteria for bulimia for a long time, actually, but still when i speak to anyone irl about my ED I describe myself as a ""former bulimic"" because it just seems more reasonable. And when I speak to people who know more about EDs than the average person I just say EDNOS (like in my flair here) because I just feel SO weird about the AN subtype thing."
How can i cope ? Please help me.. Im 30 years old and female. Have been single for almost 7 years. I have tried to go out and meet people but i just dont seem to click with anyone and to be honest im not really interested in sex. Im not sure if its because its been so long since ive had sex or that ive had not so great experiences with guys just using me for sex so i dont trust them or something is wrong with me.   Ive always found life really difficult. Socialising is hard for me. I love having someone close but it takes me a long time for that to happen. I get really nervous and my head shakes which makes me feel like an absolute freak.   Recently I cut off my best friend of 5 years six months ago because she was lieing to me and using me and i eventually couldnt handle it anymore. A couple months ago I dropped my remaining friends because all they ever did was drink.   Im one of those people that gets really attached to my friends and get so desperate for people to like me that i let them walk all over me so i am glad that ive cut out all of these shit people but i am so lonely.  I recently became friends with a 21 year old girl at work. I consider myself straight but I think i have feelings for her.. i dont know if its because im so lonely that im literally so desperate for some kind of affection/love whatever that im confused or whether something is wrong with me. I love talking to her and i get sad when she is busy. I cant stop thinking about her and i just want to be around her. I think i find her personality attractive because when i see her at work i dont find her physically attractive. Well she is pretty but i dont want to sleep with her but if were just messaging i sometimes get turned on when shes flirty but i dont think shes intending to flirt.   Anyway i feel so lonely and confused and im tired of everything. I cry a lot and often think about killing myself but im afraid i wont do it right and will just end up in pain or a vegetable or something. I used to self harm and i havent for about a year and im desperately trying not to right now.   Please someone tell me how to cope.
anxiety texting people i get anxious when i work up the courage to text people. i feel pathetic. maybe im just scared they wont be interested. i care too much.
Happy alentine's ay... To those who won't be getting the V or D this year.
"If ""GOD"" loves us all then why the fuck am I fucket up. Why does the priest say that ""GOD"" loves us all in the same way than why did he give me this ugly face and body,shit life,abusive parents and mental illness when i've done nothing wrong in my life."
Now it's my turn. Couple of days ago I really started thinking about suicide. I tried to hang myself to see what it felt like and it felt like peaceful. But now I'm scared. I think I don't want to die. But I don't want to live this life either. I was so optimistic about everything. Tried to help people. Talked to them. But all I got in the end are just bunch of dissapointments. Every single fucking day is another dissapointment. I'm fucking tired. I really am. I began thinking about suicide years ago but these days I just can not take it. I can't cry man. How fucked up is that? I can't fucking shed a fucking tear. I miss my emotions. I miss when I was in love. But nobody fell in love with me? Why though? Why would someone fall in love with a monstrous looking motherfucker who they have never met before. To them I'm just a stranger. To all of them. I feel so fucking lonely. I fucked up everything. And I wish there was a way to delete everything. I'm so sick and tired of everything. Why me? Why   I can't even change man. I don't want to be handsome. I don't want to be a better man. I just wanna fucking die. I don't even know why am I writing all of this and what to get from strangers from the internet. Rejection sucks man. And I feel stupid to tell people I want to die because some worthless whores didn't love me. I AM stupid. I don't want to live anymore. I don't know. I just don't fucking now. I hate my stupid fucking life.
"I want to talk to science teachers! Hi! I originally posted this to r/ScienceTeachers and it was suggested that I come here! I am a college student doing some informal research about creating lesson plans or classroom activities for science teachers to use within their existing curriculum. If anyone would be open to replying or DM-ing me, I would really appreciate hearing from high school science teachers about their classrooms!"
What made you 😊? What made you smile today and did that brighten your day even if it was a little.
"embarrassed to be seen at grocery story or eating in public Especially when I’m alone. I hate going to the grocery store when it’s crowded because I feel like everyone is looking at me. I am too embarrassed to look at unhealthy food is someone else is in that aisle. I hate eating alone, not because of fear I look like a loner, but because I’m so used to eating by myself and in secret that I overthink it in public and somehow lose all sense of how to properly use my motor functions to get the food to my mouth and chew it without looking like I either a) am an alien that just discovered what food is or b) or am on an upper because of the way I keep fidgeting and looking around to see if anyone is watching me.   I was eating a bagel in public with my friend the other day and almost had a mental breakdown because she bought it for me so I didn’t know the exact caloric content and we were walking around eating it and I felt like everyone was staring at me."
"I have been friends with this girl since early June and I like her a lot, she is not ready for a relationship which is fine. So we decided to be friends. I told her things I never told anyone. She cannot tell me certain things and does the little white lies to keep me out of certain things. I cannot stand lying even if its something tiny. So I decided that we need to take a break from a friendship, for a month, and I cannot stop thinking about her. After work, sent her a nice hope you had a good and productive day at work . I think she blocked me all together because she has not responded at all. Now I feel like depressed and miss my friend. FML I am depressed for making a terrible decision"
"I'm tired of having my happiness ripped away from me I've been depressed on and off for about 7 years. Every time I feel happy and clear minded it comes back and completely eradicates any progress I've made before. For the 7 months I've been the best I've been since forever (lost weight, did well in school, work, etc.) and lately that familiar feeling of worthlessness and unhappiness has come back. I made so much progress in self love and now I can't look at myself without wanting to cry. I look back at these past 7 years and I genuinely cannot recall one full year that this disease hasn't plagued me. Today all I did was lay in my bed, eat, and sleep. I didn't have to energy to do more than that and brush my teeth. I want to be optimistic because I want there to be a day where I am finally free and can look back at these times and recall them as just the past,  but it feels like I'm going to have to battle this for the rest of my life."
"I just want to be held by someone I have no family to hug me, no friends to hold me. Whenever I get romantically close with someone I just want to hold onto them forever and when we inevitably split up because I’m an idiot I can’t stop thinking about holding that person one more time.  I fucking hate my life, I just want to be loved but I know I can’t when I’m suicidal like this. Nobody should love me like this."
Am I incel because I'm an autist? Do women find autism offputting and deal breakers?
Tactics to find software vulnerabilities: what are the categories? I am an educator who will be teaching ethical hacking in cybersecurity course. The course will include graduate and undergraduate students. I was wondering if there are any existing taxonomy that categorizes how software vulnerabilities are discovered. Is there a taxonomy of vulnerability discovery tactics available?
"Something broke me. I've had anxiety for a long time, all my life probably. I've considered it crippling for a long time, too. I don't socialize, I can't get a job, I don't go too far from my house. Still, I had it under some control. I could go for a coffee, do my groceries, go to the library, answer the door when the mailman knocked. Now I can't do any of those things. I didn't get any Christmas shopping done. I went to the mall once, nearly fainted and had to rush back home. I tried to go to the gas station a few days ago. It's 6 blocks from my house and I usually like walking at night. I'm always nervous about going into a brightly lit store after walking in the dark, but I manage. This time, I only made it two blocks before I had to turn back. My heart felt like it was going to burst. None of my breathing or relaxation techniques worked. It took me an hour to slowly walk home and I wanted to flag down a car to help me because I didn't think I'd make it back. I haven't left my house since. Today, the mailman knocked and I yelped and hid in the kitchen. Everything is overwhelming me. I've run out of money and food. Rent was due days ago. I need to go to the bank and I have no idea how I'm going to do that. Of course, the pressure of having to is making it that much worse. I don't know what happened. I can't function at all anymore."
"born depressed? It’s been hard to accept the fact that i’ve been depressed since i can remember my first thoughts. there's no way to describe how i feel, my brain is sick and diseased, i carry constant anger and hate towards the world. i am alone in this giant giant place, and i don't want to be here anymore. i have 0 friends, 0 family, it's extremely lonely. being so depressed and anxious makes me a terrible person and i fucking hate myself. i hate everything and i hate this world and i hate myself. i have constant panic attacks and spend all my time thinking about death. constantly it's in my mind and it's the only thought that makes me happy. being gone, i wish people didn't make it a bad thing to die."
"Lymph node concerns Hey guys, hypochondriac here. Looking for some advice/support/comfort.  I have had, for nearly a year now, really bad hypochondria. Back in June, I had an extreme concern of an enlarged lymph node, which I of course thought was lymphoma and I had 2 weeks to live. Talking to people close to me helped, but I eventually ended up at an urgent care, where they said I was fine. Shortly afterwards, I suffered a bad injury, and I've been healing ever since. I'm nearly 100% healed now, and I'm back to worrying about my lymph node in my neck.  I had tons of blood tests while in the hospital, as well as a nearly full body CT scan and even an MRI. Everything was fine. My PCP dismissed it as being perfectly fine, and just my anxiety. But I can't help feeling that it's something like cancer, and I'm gonna die any day now.   It's definitely a little enlarged, as I can see it thru my skin when I turn my head. While thinking about it, I'll occasionally feel some pain in that side of my neck in short 1-2 minute bursts (makes me believe it's just anxiety and nothing real).   Has anyone else had a similar situation? I feel like I'm alone here and that I'm either completely crazy for feeling like this, or I actually have something wrong. Before I send myself to the hospital and waste $5000 just because of anxiety, I'm reaching out here.  Thank you!"
"[advice] I'm way too self conscious to show my face at school You know when you accidentally bite the inside of your lip and it make a little bump, so then you keep chewing on it by accident? I have anxiety so I am a chronic lip chewer. I had a rather stressful day and right before heading to bed I realized that my lower right lip was extremely swollen. Seriously, it's hideous and at least three times bigger than normal. There's no way I can go to school tomorrow like this. It's so noticeable and it's mortifying. I have literally zero friends that go to school with me who I could try to ""laugh it off"" with. I've been away for most of the school year working on my mental health and I've only been back at school for a couple days now. I'm deathly afraid of judgement and being stared at ...school is miserable enough for me without looking like a Pablo Picasso piece. I get bullied already without having the world's most deformed-looking fat lip. My whole mouth looks lopsided. If I stay home then it'll heal in a day or two, whereas if I have to go, it ll be an endless cycle of nervous lip biting. My dad doesn t want to let me stay home because I can't afford another unexcused absence. What should I say to try to make him understand? Or is there anywhere I'd be able to get a doctors note or something, maybe from a therapist? i had ice on my lip for a while, but if anything it's gotten even bigger now. I don't want to hear a lecture about how I'm overdramatizing or how my education is important. I have issues lmao, if I have to go to school today I'm gonna inwardly be depressed and outwardly look like Kevin the sea cucumber after he got attacked by jellyfish 😙 Pls help"
"Why do you never hear a sailor counting to 10? Because they're more interested in fishing, sailing etc./ No pragmatic function for that distinct linguistic utility."
"Left sided chest pains? Hey yall!  23 year old male, slightly overweight and 6'3 tall here. Diagnosed with health anxiety 2 years ago.   For the past couple of months I've been dealing with left sided chest pains. They can be beneath the breast, above, towards the armpit and around the middle breast. They are always pressure/tightness pains.   During 2019 I got myself 4 ECG's done by 5 different docs. They also listened to my heart and the ECG's and listenings was normal they all said. Last ECG was done in august-september somewhere. Today, I'm still feeling the pains and it's driving me crazy. I can always feel them when I'm at rest and they tend to come when I'm sitting down.   I do currently play football and just yesterday I had a game which I played and it was a very hard game. I did not feel the chest pain during all the running i did all over the pitch but then later like an hour after the game it came back. I do practice with the team aswell 2 times per week and I dont seem to feel the pain while we are practicing.  I don't know what to do. The docs don't want to do anymore tests on me and I have been to so many docs its insane. Can this still be heart related? How rare is a heart issue in my age? Need help :/"
"Mid Thirties male had my first panic attack today Late thirties male here  Really don't know what to do. I'm a teacher at a college and although there were no classes today I was at work and had a quite serious panic attack. I didn't know what was happening at first I thought I was having a stroke (which I've always been paranoid about) and genuinely thought that I might die. got taken to the hospital, had a bunch of tests done and turns out I was fine but which actually took some time for me to accept. I was offered a new contract today and need to give an answer tomorrow. I was planning to say yes but am now worried that they won't want me anymore and am honestly not even sure I'm up to doing it. quite scared to go back in tomorrow. I feel really ashamed. I know I shouldn't but I can't help it.   I really don't know what I should do. I guess I've always had anxiety  but I just never knew this could happen to me."
"How did you feel after learning you were schizophrenic/schizoaffective I have only recently come to learn that I have schizoaffective disorder, I feel somewhat relieved to have an answer that at least somewhat makes sense and to know that I am not just losing my mind, but I also feel incredibly overwhelmed with guilt and shame in a way. I have overcome most of the shame when it comes to the idea of depression and anxiety (previous diagnosis') but the idea of trying to talk to anyone openly of schizophrenia and schizoaffective makes me uneasy and makes me want to cry quite honestly. I feel like if people were to know this then I would be looked at so much differently?   How did you feel? How did you cope?"
"If anyone needs a sponsor... I'm 8 years free of any restrictive behaviors. I struggled with horrible anorexia, anxiety, depression and PTSD. I'm in therapy still (for weekly upkeep), but I have my life very much under control. I would love to pay it forward in this community and help someone out. I know that meetings aren't happening at the moment (and that they aren't for everyone), so if anyone thinks I might be a good fit for a sponsor/helpful friend, feel free to message me.   Even if you just want someone to talk to, I can be here. Message me and we can exchange info. Hope you all are staying strong."
Should I move 401k into an IRA? Hey all. So the company I have worked for over the last decade was just bought out buy our manager. We used to have a 401k match program but he's ending that (along with a few other benefits). Currently I have about 21k sitting in a jpmorgan 2050 target plan. I like the breakdown of the plan as far as stocks to bonds ratio but I'm wondering if I'd be better off in an IRA and maybe even do a joint IRA with my wife. Apparently there will be a window where we can rollover our 401k and not take on any penalties so I'm not sure what the best plan of action would be.   I like the target 401k because it's pretty set it and forget it. I worry that I may always be itching to move things around too much in an IRA.  &amp;#x200B;
IEP|ONE The Cognitive Companion For Children With Special Needs
Sharing? How open are you regarding your anxiety?  Do you share with others. Like I’m imagining being in a meeting at work with a coworker or boss and you know how anxiety starts doing its thing where you begin to get a little uncomfortable but you’re managing?  Maybe you shift in the seat a little or adjust your gaze.  Do you say something like “don’t mind me. Just my anxiety”.  Do you warn the barber that you may get a little sweaty?   Acceptance is a huge way to combat the feelings and thoughts. So I wonder if I share can it be a way of telling myself I’m not afraid because I’m comfortable opening up?  Sorry for the rambling.
"Does anyone have any tips for eating at restaurants? So I've never been able to eat at a restaurant where I can eat a full plate and not want to run to the bathroom and vomit. I've been with my boyfriend for 5 years now and when we go on dates, I always end up running to the bathroom, my whole body shaking and I feel like my knees will give in. It even happens with close friends. It doesn't happen when my boyfriend and I get fast food, I'm thinking it's because he's the only one with me.   Honestly, I'm completely unaware that I'm even anxious in the first place till I get food in my stomach. I get a false sense of bliss at the beginning of every date and end up hating myself at the end. I also know it's probably social anxiety because when I'm in a huge crowd or stadium, my shoulders and chest feel like they're carrying hundreds of pounds.   Does anyone have any tips on how I can keep food down and not completely ruin a date night? Thank you ❤️"
"Planning the leave I’m leaving my wife of 6 years (10 together). She knows I’m unhappy but the D-bomb will shock her. She’s strong willed and I don’t expect her to just accept my decision without arguing, begging, and trying to get sympathy. She’ll be gone for a week this summer and it would be a great opportunity for me to just quietly shore up my affairs and leave. She would learn when she gets back. Or I could tell her right before her trip and risk her backing out of her trip last minute. I view the trip as a good breaking point.   I want the smoothest separation possible. Which approach do you think would help make that happen? I can come up with too many scenarios in my head and am not really in touch with my empathy for how she might feel right now.    Thank you"
"Waking up with a dead limb and worrying I had a ministroke I woke up to pee in the middle of the night and when I stood up my lower body was involuntarily leaning to the left. It seemed like my left leg or knee had just given out, but I was still able to stand. After a couple minutes it went away and I was walking normally. I ended up going to the ER after speaking with a nurse. All blood tests came back normal and so did the physical tests. The doctor checked my eyes, walking, reflexes, etc. It's the next day and I can't help but feel like they missed something and that I could have possibly had a TIA (ministroke), which can be a warning sign for a stroke. I even told them I was feeling lightheaded the day before but I don't know what is just anxiety now. Still feeling out of it and being hyperaware of my body right now. Has anybody had a similar issue- either with this temporary paralysis situation or not feeling assured even after the doctor?  TL;DR: Not trusting docs and worrying that a limp leg was ministroke"
"help ~ toxic friend making me constantly anxious but I don’t know how to tell her Hi everyone, I’ve been really struggling lately with my anxiety and I realized it’s partly due to my environment. The friend in question always complains about me and everything that happens to her. She constantly talks about herself and never considers or cares for others. To be frank, I’m done with it. She’s part of a tight friend group, but I’m anxious that if I tell her that she’s not creating a good environment, she’ll do something rash and spread rumors about what I did.  tl;dr - toxic friend in tight friend group, don’t know how to tell her, she’s acted reckless before and afraid for her to lash out"
"What do you do if you're self destructive? I tend to be self destructive in most aspects of life. And when I'm not, I tend to succeed in various aspects (academics, finance, love life). Having that success and then destroying it all myself feels so shitty. I don't see days like I used life is mundane and all that. What can I do?"
"I have an interview for an honors program at my community college tomorrow and I'm terrified. For the most part I feel prepared. But i have no idea what questions they're going to ask, and I have no idea what to expect. They weren't super clear on that. Not only that, but I only found out today it's going to be a few faculty members and not one on one, which has my anxiety skyrocketing.   Everyone else seems to believe i'm going to nail it but i'm not too convinced. I have no idea what i'm doing, and i've never done anything like this before so it's just all around stressful.  If anyone has any advice I would greatly appreciate it, by the way."
Does anyone know if any hipoint pistols accept the same mags as the 995 carbine? I was looking into a hipoint carbine just because you can pick one up for crazy cheap (around $300) and was wondering if any of their pistols accept the same mags.
"short poem I love you, my sweet, sweet bed.  the end."
"Stability is a process What gets me is all the additional things that BPD can bring with it, like substance use, making conflict and getting enemies (whether they deserved it or not), etc. And that loneliness, the loneliness that consumes you and makes you nothing, as though you need other people to exist, to be worthy of existence. When I began hearing voices, this impenetrable loneliness went away, and two years of therapy has made this relationship more stable and less painful. Voices arose personal problems that I did not know existed, so when a voice is rude to me, I try to resolve it.  The process of stability is greatly influenced by my fixation on a personal and useful goal. Having something that motivates you and turns you on in a healthy way. If loneliness is the greatest emotional pain, then patience is the greatest asset to healing that pain. After so many years, I look back on all the events that hurt and see them as though something not worth my time. That does not mean I ever completely get over things - I think about them regularly.  Hopefully things stay going in a right direction. I sometimes worry about the future, maybe turning out horribly because of someone else's simple mistake, or maybe me having a sudden and unexpected impulse and making a personal mistake. I used to be angry; that is second to loneliness. Anger with loneliness, that is despair. When you finally find people who share a common goal and who are willing to work together, everything can begin to and eventually change. This is what I tried, it helped a great deal; I still feel loneliness.  &amp;#x200B;  p.s.  If your psychiatric facility is really not working for you, I strongly encourage you to seek different care. Some facilities can be predatory for people who are in crisis."
"Feeling different states of mind? I'm kind of wondering what is going on, and I'm wondering if anyone else has had this experience.   I've been meditating for a while now, and with it I've begun to see my mind ""operating in different modes""? Or something. I'm not quite sure what I'm feeling.   I first started noticing it when I was meditating during a depression episode. As I was focusing on my breath I began to feel like there was a weight on my mind. As I began to focus on it  it began to feel like it was lifting. And when it did I felt back into focus, as if the weight was pushed off. Or like a part of my mind was turned back online, and I could function normally again.    Another time I was feeling slow, groggy, and with brain fog. I went to my mediation spot and as I focused on my breath I let myself feel and it felt as if my stream of consciousness pulsating rapidly. Like the quick oscillations of a computer monitor bugging out. As I focused on it my brain switched to a flow state where I was just in the moment and in focus.   I know focusing on it is not really what meditation is about, but it's feeling like I'm manually switching into a different state of consciousness.   On my worst days of brain fog, I would feel ""too slow"" to be social. So I would quickly go into my mind, ""turn it back on,"" and I would be good for a while. It's strange.      Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I don't know what's going on."
"New relationship anxiety I’ve always struggled with mild anxiety and I have recently become much more confident in myself and thought I’d be ok going into a new relationship. WRONG, lol. I’m dating this new guy and I stayed at his house recently and was SUPER anxious the whole time. I laid awake in bed last night for about 2 hours just panicking. “Why did I say that? Does he think I’m weird?” Etc. He asked me today if I was ok and said he could sense that I was tense. He was pretty cool about it. Why do I do this and how do I make it stop?!"
"I finally cried This happened maybe two weeks ago but I had one of the worst days yet at work  And when my shift ended my coworkers needed more help but I just clocked off and did an Irish goodbye And I live about a half mile from my work and I walk  So I took my usual route (through some neighborhoods) on an old trail and I was thinking about my day and how shity it was In that moment tears started coming from my eyes No one could see it because It was pitch black out I didn't have the ""cryface"" or anything I just cried and it felt amazing  In the past 4 years I haven't been able to cry more then 10 seconds if at all And this time i cried the entire time I walked home which takes about 13 mins"
"No ""back-heavy"" cardio Helloes!  I need to start doing cardio, but my back isn't that good lately (i'm 26 fyi xD) and I was trying to look for some alternatives. Bycicle and swimming are the first to come in mind, but I can't really bike in my area (90% risk to be run over) and I can't swim properly :P  What else can I do? Should I use an HIIT routine instead? Which exercises in that case?  Thanks a lot &lt;3"
"Autumn's Gift GA I was looking through remote job postings and found one for Autumn's Gift in Atlanta - but I couldn't find anything about whether this organization is good or not.   Their Facebook says ""Autumn's Gift provides engaging, stimulating learning experiences to children and adults with unique developmental challenges. These experiences focus on developing the communication, social and cognitive skills of persons facing lifelong neurological limitations while at the same time providing a cost-efficient respite opportunity to their primary caregivers.""  I know there's a lot of questionable autism aid organizations out there and want to know if this is a good one or not before deciding whether to apply.   Thanks in advance!"
Can’t shake the loneliness Getting divorced sucks. My wife cheated on me. Fuck her. I’m nobody’s second place. I’m not pissed or depressed about it anymore.  But I’m so damn lonely.   I know that I’m not ready to meet new people. It wouldn’t be fair to them. I still have a lot of stuff that I’m processing right now. Emotions and thoughts and what not. The hardest part is not seeing my kid or the dogs everyday. Or getting a hug when I need it. Which is more and more. I have friends and they have been rock stars throughout this whole ordeal for me. Willing to listen and offer advice.   I got sober. 47 days and counting. Don’t miss the booze. Down 25 pounds in that same time frame. Lots of cardio. Lots of core work and stretching. Trying to stay positive in my mind. Embracing the suck.   But there is a hole in me. And I think it’s the hole that leads to this craving for love and affection and attention and contact. I don’t want to fill it with random crap. But I think that’s why I’m lonely. I find that putting words to it helps me process and think about it. Helps me to better deal with it.
"I can usually only meditate for about 15-20 minutes. Ive been meditating just about daily for almost a month I would say and Ive usually on meditated at a single time for about 15-20 minutes but I feel like I get the amount I need, who can relate?"
"Anyone else have a 'weird feeling' on the left side of their body? Like a sort of 'fullness' or that something is wrong. I've pretty much experienced this since I was an adolescent (I'm 21 now.) So basically, on the left side of my body, specifically the left breast, there is sometimes a benign feeling of 'fullness' and less commonly a dull sort of pain. It doesn't really radiate. Sometimes when it happens and flares up, I feel it the most when I breathe deeply in and out. I do have precordial catch syndrome (which is harmless), but I don't think that's what this is. I'm always convincing myself that it's angina and that I might have a heart attack, but then I remember I've had this feeling for *so long* in my life that I probably should have gotten one by now. Even when I was young, I had an EKG done and everything came back just fine, and a cardiologist I saw was totally convinced that nothing is wrong with me and just sent me on my way. I'm so sick of having this feeling and I don't know what to think of it. And just recently, I've started to have weird sensations on the left side of my left hand, and sometimes below my left breast. There is also a point in my left breast that when I touch and rub, it actually hurts. I'm thinking this may be a muscle strain or tear, but those things don't really last for several years, no?  To note: this feeling isn't constant, it comes and goes. Even when I forget about it, bam, it just comes out of nowhere.  I have no other symptoms. Zero breathing problems, no heartburn etc."
"Is there a way to be normal? 2 time highschool dropout, 1 tome collage drop out, unemployed, now 23. Is there anyway a failure like me can live a normal life?"
"Made it out of my 1st semester of college just barely scraping by with the gpa I need I completely isolated myself and have reached new levels of social anxiety and depression. Didn’t attend class because lectures do nothing for me, instead watched Khan Academy. I devoted all the time/energy I could to schoolwork and still barely made it through.   Which means I’ll have to do this same this upcoming semester. I will probably end it, I can’t take anymore stress"
"I want to know more Hello everybody! I saw [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/er5z91/yo_dawg_i_heard_you_like_conspiracies/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) yesterday and I want to know more, I want to learn that I can’t understand (yet) so help me out, give me a starting point! I don’t think about JFK, 9/11 or things like these."
I tried the door method 5 mins ago I attached my makeshift belt noose to the door but I regretted it and I was struggling to get the door unlocked in time for me to live so I wouldnt lose conscienceness 10/10 would not try this again. As I think about whether or not to post this i worry that this is going to happen again and im going to succeed. All day today I was thinking about different ways to off myself and my depression is getting to be erratic with it fluctuating rapidly. Also what is the best anti depressant? I've tried lexapro and trazodone legally and cannabis and ketamine illegally.
"Driving stresses me out I got my license less than a month ago. I failed the first time because the instructor had to intervene. The second time I passed and I believe it was because the instructor was done since everything was backed up and wanted to get it over with. I was so nervous I kept asking if I failed whenever I felt like I did something wrong, but he said to think too much about it.   I’ve been driving to work since it’s a short distance from where I live. It’s not too bad. I have a habit of going generally 30 mph in most places. Which could be considered slow in non-residential places.  I went out with my friend tonight and I just kept making mistakes. I turned in the wrong lane, I was going pretty slow or too fast, I forgot my headlights sometimes. I was just a mess. I’m in constant terror about getting a ticket from a camera.   Right turns on a red light gives me the most anxiety. I live in an area where I need to make a right turn to get home and I’m just freaking out wondering if I stopped or did a rolling stop at the light. I didn’t notice a flash or anything since I was focused on my turn. I’m freaking out and I want to know right away if I got fined, but I saw online that it takes 2 weeks to a month for them to send a mail about it. Also, if I do get a ticket I’m just going to be a burden to my family since tickets like those are like $500 and the insurance will go up. Driving just makes me really stressed"
Exam Anxiety is wrecking me I just don't know how to deal with it. Here is my situation exactly : Last year I passed the first maths module in my degree and though I am not an idiot after all. Then last semester I failed maths 2 .  Was not even close. And now it's 28 days until the exam day is there and I still feel like I know as much as before my first try. I find it physically hard to study for it. It drains me.   I don't know what to do. Im afraid that on the exam day I will be so nervous I will just blackout out of sheer panic and anxiety. If I fial again its over. I could write an appeal and I could MAYBE get a third try but thats it and not a given.  Does someone have experience/advice?  :(
"I’m currently having my first anxiety attack: please help by talking me through it Gonna keep this short-ish to avoid having to describe in too much detail the horror I began feeling 9 hrs ago and am still feeling now.  I was traveling this week for work. Not far, 1.5 hr flight. 9 hrs ago, I got on my flight back extremely exhausted from what was essentially a work bender for three days. To make matters worse, I hadn’t eaten almost anything all day today. I’m 27 yo guy, if it matters.  Flight is delayed on the tarmac for 40 min, so I tried to sleep but couldn’t. That feeling when you’re so tired that you’re not tired. Thats the one. Finally we push back and take off and I start to realize my attention is being drawn to my pulse. It wasn’t necessarily going faster, but it was more present and slightly, yet noticeably, stronger.   I’ve never had a panic/anxiety attack before or seen one first hand, so that has not even crossed my mind at this point while I begin to worry about my health as we’re ascending up to 30 thousand ft in this steel fucking box.   I know my body pretty well, and people who know me have told me I handle stressful situations very calmly. I almost never get worked up.   Still in my seat, I try my best for 5 minutes to breathe deeply, be silent, and focus on my body. That’s when my chest started to tighten up. I turned to the couple in my row and told them I had to stand up because I was feeling light headed. In my head I’m thinking, there’s a chance I could go into cardiac arrest on this plane and I need to do something to here, or at least not be in a fucking window seat with two people blocking me in when it happens.  *just took a 20 min break.. my body feels saturated with adrenaline*  Got up. Slid by the flight attendants passing out snacks and went straight to the back of plane and cracked open a ginger ale and started steadily drinking it, trying to stay calm. Flight attendant comes over, ‘can we get you something?’ Clearly asked because she heard me open it and wanted to say ‘why are opening you’re own shit back here when we’re in the middle of serving everything?’  I looked at her and tried to speak but couldn’t the first time. Managed to point to myself and mutter ‘not feeling well’. She knew it was serious and started getting me water/juice/pretzels to counter dehydration/low blood sugar/etc because I told them I was feeling faint. I was so worried that if I mentioned my heart rate, it would immediately triple the stressfulness of the situation, which I wasn’t sure I could handle.  they tried to distract me from my ‘lightheaded-ness’ once they gave me snacks/water, and they were not good at it. One lady said I should definitely get checked because her friend used to get lightheaded sometimes and when we went to the doctor it turned out to be a semi serious heart issue..  Thank you. Thank you flight attendant. For that wonderful story. 🤦🏼‍♂️  Anyway, they asked if I wanted the paramedics upon arrival and I said yes but tell them it’s not an emergency. I think at this point I was trying to calm them down in order to convince myself I was okay. They checked vitals, did EKG, blood sugar/pressure etc. blood pressure was a bit high but ekg was normal, thank god.   Symptoms have persisted with chest pain, but far more mental anxiety and overall body pain. I’m in a real dark place still thinking about work, life’s stresser and if that played a role. Anyway, still pretty scared but the ekg being normal did make me feel better.   Well, that wasn’t short-ish but my gf is being weird about it and I needed to talk to someone. Thanks for listening."
"I seem to attract autistic friends. Why might this be? I'm curious. Throughout my life I've attracted people who showed signs of--and who were later diagnosed with autism.   The first friend was very determined to have me as a friend, aged 5. We're now no longer friends as she turned out to be a bit of a friend-bully, often bringing me down/wanting me to be where she was emotionally.  At uni, I didn't have many friends. In class I was quiet. I had a couple of non-autistic friends who studied computer science/who were a bit geeky and unconventional, but I also seemed to attract quite a few autistic people. One, I really enjoyed spending time with. The other had issues with boundaries and often invited himself along with me, overstepped the line and tried to kiss me when it was very inappropriate etc.   Living abroad, I befriended a very intelligent autistic person. She was very knowledgable about politics, a Cambridge graduate and journalist, but she didn't seem to have good social skills/emotional intelligence.   My husband I think is on the autistic spectrum, perhaps.   I do of course start to wonder whether I might be on the spectrum, or whether my problems are more down to a dysfunctional family and resulting mental health issues. As a teenager I had anorexia and today I still suffer from depression, anxiety and I'm quite shy. That said, in certain situations, I can be a lot more confident (e.g. with family, people 10-20 years older than me, close friends and my husband.)"
HEALTHVICES    HEALTHVICES  IF YOU ARE REALLY CONCERNED ABOUT YOUR HEALTH THEN DON’T EVEN THINK OF IGNORING IT AS IT CAN BE THE MAJOR REASON FOR THE MASSIVE RUSH FOR YOUR HEALTH PROBLEMS OVER IT.  &amp;#x200B;  TAKE THE ADVICE ABOUT YOUR HEALTH FROM THE USA TRUSTED DOCTORS.  &amp;#x200B;  CHECK THE LINK BELOW AND FIND THE ONE WAY BEST SOLUTION ON ALL THE VARIOUS HEALTH PROBLEMS.  &amp;#x200B;  STOP SHAKING YOUR LEGS  BECAUSE ALL THE WAYS ARE NATURAL WAYS.   AND IT’S BETTER TO TAKE ACTION NOW  INSTEAD OF REGRETING LATER.  &amp;#x200B;  IT INCLUDES VARIOUS HEALTH PROBLEMS REGARDING:   WEIGHT LOSS DIETIERY FOODS  EYE HEALTH   MALE ENHANCEMENT  FAT BURN  MUSCLE GAIN  ANXIETY  KETOSIS AND   TONNES OF DIFFERENT PROBLEMS  COMMENT TO ME WITH YOUR DETAILS IF YOUR HEALTH PROBLEM IS NOT MENTIONED IN THE LIST.  HERE IS THE LINK TO IT:  [https://b24-hsjavm.bitrix24.com/sites/site/6/view/58/](https://b24-hsjavm.bitrix24.com/sites/site/6/view/58/)
Chronic relapses I’m having a hard time not taking my addicts addiction so personally. He’s a chronic relapser. Does that time in between mean nothing? Just a pass time until the next time he gets an opportunity?
"Very unattractive is the root of my depression. I do everything I can. Eat healthy, workout and all that. But I absolutely hate being so ugly. It’s a huge part in my depression. Anyone else like this?"
"why does alcohol turn me into the spawn of satan? I’ve been diagnosed BP2 since 2015.  As the years have gone on, I’ve gotten worse at drinking, and no matter how little I drink, if I drink at all I can feel my emotions get negative.   The more intoxicated I get these days, the more belligerent and unnecessarily angry I get. I pick fights and make shit up to fight about with my boyfriend.  I’m about to kick alcohol to the curb because of how bad it makes my mood swings.    I can’t be the only one that turns into a complete bitch for no reason when I drink. Thoughts and support I’ll love a lot, because I just don’t get why alcohol affects my bipolar so severely."
"There is nothing wrong with being introverted. I remember once in high school I had a class that I had no friends in and I’m pretty introverted so I didn’t talk that much in class but I’m a totally pleasant person. My teacher was talking about the sandy hook shooting because it happened the day before and he told the class to always look out for the quiet people cause according to him they are the ones that  turn out to be psychopaths and murderers. And a kid I didn’t know shouted out “better look out for (insert my name) then” and the whole class laughed including the teacher. I didn’t even know how to react, the fact that they were comparing me to such an evil person was incredibly insulting and definitely hurt my feelings cause I would consider myself a really nice person. I really don’t understand why sitting back and listening instead of being a loud obnoxious teenager every second is considered so abnormal especially here in America."
"Help with $133 dollar collections I looked up the guidelines in PF on how to handle a collections and am unsure how to proceed.  I have a single $133 debt that is now in collections. It stems from a BS charge from Comcast and is now the only negative in my credit report. The guidelines say that I should send a debt validation letter all long with dispute the charge. However it's only $133 dollars and i don't mind paying it, but i'm worried if i do that my credit score won't rise as much.  In terms of increasing my credit score, what is the best course of action? Thanks in advance"
Mossberg 930 stock I am having a hard time finding a pistol grip/adjustable stock that I like for my mossberg 930. I'm wondering if stocks for other mossberg shotgun models would work?
"Just Thinking About Life To think that I am okay is not something I should joke about but, rather, consider seriously. Still, for me, it is a joke.   It's funny to think that I perceive myself as too naïve in the adult world. I'm not wrong, and I hope to keep some innocence for however long I have left in this world. Still, it's pathetic to consider the adult world an easy one to live in. I wish it were easy, but maybe I'm complaining too much again.  I wonder how people can do it. Some just push through it, even if they are severely depressed or just incapable of doing so. Living is hard, I believe we have to train ourselves to take care of ourselves. This does not strictly mean the simple chore or preparation of a meal for either ourselves or our cared ones. More so, it's the idea of taking care of ourselves in the society in which we participate with on a daily basis. Keeping up proper etiquette within the environment we congregate in, for example, or acting accordingly to the people who either lead and command or follow us in a consistent manner. More specifically, people will react uniquely to your situation. It doesn't matter if you try your best and upset many people. It doesn't matter if you do your best and, even with a positive result, you feel like you are incapable of doing your part at all. I'm still a failure, and this is fine.  It's pathetic to know that this world is still torn apart on many things. I enjoy the fact that people have different opinions. I do not agree with the representation of these disagreements, however. Arguments, altercations, brawls, battles, war, and, eventually, obliteration... these are some representations of this cursed world.   People start their life differently. Some have an ""advantage"" of having many things that others do not have to ""succeed"" or live. It's a comparison many can and will make, citing ""At least we have [food, water, and other sources that are essential or pleasant for living]"", to prompt others to stop taking their life for granted. Yet, it may or may not be known that those who struggle in some people's eyes may be happy, sad, or some other state of feeling that is not expected by the common person. Life works in strange ways.   This reality is tiring. Maybe I'm just a kid who doesn't want to grow up. Maybe I'm just a highly immature person who cannot mature properly. I have plenty of education, but does this make me smart? I have some achievements under my belt, but does this make me capable of great things? What does this even mean to have things but perceive the world as a waste of my time and space? I don't know, and, frankly, I don't demand an answer to this question. It works for people, so I guess I shouldn't waste my time thinking about it. Why am I typing it out, then? Silly me... What does the future bring me or us? There seems to be a general gap between various groups depending on what groups, such as age, ethnicity, or gender, for example, you focus towards. It's weird that the structure of these groups isn't too excessive to dissipate a functioning society, although there have been instances where a functioning society was threatened to collapse due to disagreements and tensions.   It is a dream of mine to leave this reality when it is possible for me to do so. I've come to the conclusion that this reality was not meant for me, even with my attempts to enter this society. To think that I am fine with living in a ""normal"" society is not a joke that I would like to laugh at anymore. The only way I see myself leaving reality on my own accord is by committing suicide. I have occasional suicidal ideation, especially with my attempts to integrate into society. I have even tried to see what it would be like to attempt suicide (not attempting, but getting the feeling of what it would be like if I wanted to). It should not be shocking to state that it physically hurts on a grand scale, so attempting suicide with an actual motive to follow through with death would be something I could not do at this moment.    There's a lot going on in life, and it becomes more difficult (or easier per experience) to live on. I wish I didn't have to be stuck in a reality that I cannot accept in good terms, but leaving reality would not be easy for me to do. Even if there are small reliefs here and there, I am overall stuck here to suffer. Thank you."
"I’m forced to live the life my mom wants all the time By the way, I’m Chinese American. After I got out of my last day treatment program, I worked briefly as a peer coach. My entire family acted like it was some kind of joke. This may be an inference, but they want me to care more about my looks because at this point they care about how much my husband can make than how much I can make at my sad little part time job. However, my illness came back and I had to stop. Since then, I’ve been steadily gaining 2 pounds per month. This drove my parents to do a lot of passive aggressive things like feeding all the chicken to my puppy so she wouldn’t listen to me, cutting off the Internet, and in general treating me like I’m doing something wrong for gaining the weight. The thing is, I was a English major and got a full ride to a school in North Carolina. I’ve been sitting in the library since I first learned to read. And as a result I’ve developed a lot of my own ideas about how to live an ethical life and choosing to focus on my looks in order to get a nice guy is against my ethical principles. I also have a tendency to want to always hold out and do something “to right the wrongs” in my life if I ever became too greedy. I wish my parents could understand that my value shouldn’t be determined by these things. They also have a tendency to scold me for talking to my mentally ill friend who lives in a group home and make me “want money” by encouraging me to spend money on things I like and not choose a hard life. There have been times in the past when I wanted to marry rich, but it’s more out of curiosity to see what it’s like and I’m in fact not particularly good at romantic stuff. I really let my curiosity get away with me, sometimes, and at one point I took prehealth classes and applied to medical school just to see what it’s like, lol. Not that I would’ve wanted to be a doctor. I kind of want to learn about all levels of society. My parents are reaching the point where they are forcing me to appreciate the upper middle class type of lifestyle and spend less time going on about the people I met at support group who are barely getting by. I have Chinese values too like wanting kids, etc. but not like this. My symptoms are easing up so I guess I have to listen to my parents and do some light driving and exercise once this quarantine ends. And forget about my part time job. It was nice taking my client to the art museum and stuff.  I got banned from forum.schizophrenia.com for life for a really stupid slip up so I guess I’m ranting here tonight. Ok, good night!"
"My name is for her, but I'm the one at this moment who needs help Hi all,   Throwaway and all that nonsense. First and foremost, I'm scared. She cried today and was unable to work because I no longer function. I'm not able to reply straight away, but can and will.  I don't want to do what I do anymore. I want to help. I feel compelled to help others. Those less fortunate than I am.   I turn to Reddit, because it's helped me in the past. How can I survive?  Thanks."
"In need of creative date ideas Im working on what is essentially a bucket list of creative date ideas that I want to do in the future or have already done. So far i have three. My first one which i did and went really well is i bought a kiddy pool and filled it with pillows and then set it up outside and connected a monitor with extension cords up to the kiddie pool so that we could watch disney movies and stuff. Then Operation Charlie Papa which takes place in the downtown Atlanta area which was taking her to the atlanta zoo, world of coke, and georgia aquarium. I have one written down that i have not done yet where we each look up a food recipe on Instagram (like those quick videos that show you how to make stuff) and then we each make our own individual thing and have a cooking competition. Im looking for more nongeneric, thoughtful date ideas that just give the caring vibe. Please give it an Operation title, description, time frame and estimated cost. We can all benefit from each others ideas i hope :)"
"I feel like a side character in my own life. The world is about others. I say things to my friends, they don’t respond, neither in real life nor in groupchats. People rarely talk to me of their own accord. No matter what is going on, I am always just a side character. I’m just there for the plot or for the comedic relief or some other trivial reason. I have no point in reality.  And I’m really quite tired of it.  Edit: Am I seriously being downvoted?"
"I was not scared. I felt relieved. My psychiatrist is considering putting me into a psychiatric ward because I am having suicidal thoughts frequently and also planning my death.I have been taking antidepressants for ten years plus. I am also seeing a therapist for years. Nothing seems to work anymore. I am lonely, I do not have friends, I do not have a job, I do not have a goal in my life. I had a dream that I killed myself"
"Experiences with ""functional"" depression I have read some post of some of you having similar issues with ""functional"" depression. Days go on and on and you feel like shit but pretend that everything is ok. There are ""good"" days where you can almost feel like you are normal and maybe even not depressed, but most of the days you have to fight to wake up. The worst for me is not sadness but anhedonia, there is no pleasure on doing anything or in any realtionship, and it never goes away. Lately I feel I can't take it anymore, and the ""functional"" part of it is getting lost. I am a bit scared of starting with treatment as with so many side effects I feel that I may lose whatever functionality I had left.  I am not here to look for medical advice but if any of you guys that are in a similar situation could share personal experiences and how either psychotherapy or antidepressants affected you would be really appreciated."
"I've heard many people call ADHD a mental illness, do you consider ADHD a mental illness? I tend not to. I know it is grouped with mental illnesses like PTSD, Major Depression, Generalized Anxiety, etc. I feel like ""illness"" implies that you can ""catch"" it though. Like how a cold would be an illness, or how you could get cancer at some point.  AFAIK you can't get ADHD all of the sudden, no matter what environmental factors (outside of the womb). I've heard people talk about ADHD like depression and how mental health treatment needs to be better. I agree that it would help folks with ADHD to receive psychiatric/psychological support, but not in the same way that it would help people with depression or anxiety.   TL;DR - I think illness implies that it can be cured, or brought on environmental factors, so it's not a mental illness."
Tomorrow marks one year of social isolation. I moved exactly one year ago. Most days I dont even talk to anyone. I developed depression at some point 6 months in. I feel like I've lost a couple dozen IQ points and completely forgot how to socialize. Not sure how much longer I can handle
"Need to stop Depakote ER NOW. Stepped on the scale and realized I’ve gained 20 pounds in the 2 months I’ve been ramping up on Depakote ER. Started at 250 in September then did a 2 week fast track to 750mg about a month ago. I’ve been at 750mg for about three weeks now.   If I felt like it was making a difference I absolutely would continue taking it, but all it’s done is make me restless at night, groggy in the mornings (to the point of missing work) and apparently extremely ravenous. It’s done a decent job keeping the depressies away, but I’m in and out of dysphoric mania constantly. I’ve also started having some random lower abdominal pain which scares me because of this med’s reputation for causing liver and kidney damage. The cons are outweighing the pros significantly at this point.  My psychiatrist is not easy to get in touch with and is booked solid for the next two months. I feel like I need to get off of this medication but I want to do it safely. I’m in a bit of a pickle because in the time it would take me to find an available psychiatrist (seriously is everyone in this city fucked up as I am or do we just need more mental health care professionals?), the side effects could continue or get worse. That said, does anyone have any experience with tapering off of this medication? Withdrawal symptoms? Any info helps at this point."
"Help Hi all, I was sober for almost 2 weeks and went to get gas and ended up buying some bud light Limaritas, I don’t know what’s going on but I have pain in my shoulders and my jaw and don’t know what’s going on. I want to maybe call for some medics to come to check me out and make sure I’m okay but I don’t have the money to pay for anything if they charge me. I think I’ll be okay I’m sure my anxiety isn’t helping me any. I’m in texas if that helps anyone regarding laws/money. This started happening after I almost finished my first one. Has this happened to anyone else?"
"I kinda feel for you, Starbucks baristas Do you baristas at Starbucks get anxiety? Like you have so many customers and have to make drinks and the machines work as fast as they do and there’s like a whole line of people ? Ugh. I was in Starbucks earlier and there was a line of people and I was getting anxiety just thinking about how much anxiety you guys must get behind the counter. I feel for you."
"My (20F) mom (56F) is very disrespectful about my boyfriend (19M) I’ve been dating this guy for almost a year know and I can honestly say he’s one of the best people I’ve ever met in my life. He’s incredibly kind and treats me and others very well. My mom was never very accepting of any of my siblings partners and it seems the same is happening to me. He’s spend the weekend with me in their house (my mom and dad’s), he was super nice and they were too. As soon as he left she started making comments about how he’s short and ugly (he really isn’t). She barely talked to me the day I started taking the pill because she was against it. She barely ever asks me how he is or acknowledges his existence at all. This honestly breaks my heart because he is hardworking, he has a nice family, he studies, he’s always been nice, she has absolutely no reason to do this. It’s got to the point where i just don’t talk to her at all about my personal life because i think she doesn’t deserve it. Anyone has any advice?  TL;DR: My boyfriend is a great person but my mom says very disrespectful things about him."
"I've just about lost interest in everything I have always had a vested interest in music, video games, writing, and playing my own instrument, but I'm really not feeling any of it. I used to get a good feeling whenever I did well in something, but I don't anymore. I'll be MVP of our team in a game we win, but it feels like I still did bad, or I'll have a good solo but it feels like anyone else could've done it ten times better and I'm about over it anymore. It feels like the only thing keeping me grounded anymore is music, but I've been having issues with that too. Every sing feels the same. Trying to interact with others just doesn't work because it feels like that they don't want me around and I'm just tired of trying to feel anymore."
"how to make friends ? i'm a 19 yr old teenager, i've had only 3-4 good friends back in school (they were the ones who befriended me) but three years back all moved to different states for their college. since then i never had any other friends. i'm not a introvert guy and i don't even look weird something pretty average looking guy or better. i'm really sarcastic but what's more funny is my life. it's a joke. i never go out much, idk where to go ( don't have people who i can hangout with or invite me out). i don't know what i'm doing wrong, life feels a bit lonely without someone to even talk to"
"Tremors after panic attack, is my anxiety getting worse? Hey guys,  I have been dealing with an anxiety disorder most of my life, stemming from my childhood and getting progressively worse through my teenage and high school years. I had my first panic attack in high school and at present day I have had more panic attacks that I can count on two hands.   The thing is, my panic attacks never have had external symptoms, only thing that would indicate me having a panic attack to anyone would be me doing a repetitive action like scratching my chest or running my hand through my hair constantly, as for some reason that seems to comfort me. Other than that, to the unknowing onlooker I would probably look semi okay, while inside my head I would be screaming.  However, the last two panic attacks I have had have been different and they've managed to make me even more anxious, namely when I had these attacks I had a lot of involuntary muscle contractions and overall shaking, especially in my legs, the muscles would contract and it would be very hard to relax them. This still seemed normal to me as I know most people shake during panic attacks, however, the effect persisted for about half an hour each time, the anxiety and panic was mostly gone but my legs were still contracting on their own.  My health has not been the best lately and my anxiety levels are higher than normal, and this sudden new symptom is not helping. Is this normal for this shaking to persist for about half an hour after the attack? Why has this started happening, is my condition getting worse? My mind is immediately jumping to some horrible condition that I might be developing, because you know, fucking anxiety.  Any answer would help, thank you in advance."
can’t focus on reality I feel sore and shaky?? recently started 3.5 mg of zopiclone for sleep maybe related to that. how do you guys focus on the moment? i keep analyzing everything in my head and i’m worried i won’t be able to enjoy the night. would really appreciate advice on how to cope with sensory issues n stuff. i’m gonna have a couple of beers and see if things are any different
"How to get immediate psychiatric help Almost all the psychiatrists that my shit insurance covers are all booked out until April or march The only recent one is next week but hell can I wait till next week I just want to know if there is a way to see an urgent psychiatrist that can write a prescription  I'm not a drug seeker, just want some actual help that can maybe help get me through the day instead of all that counseling bullshit  Any idea where I can go?  Getting help in this country is so goddamn difficult."
"THIS IS HOW A UFO WORKS Sorry, we’re not talking about aliens. Most UFOs are black projects using this method of propulsion   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biefeld–Brown_effect   For some reason, more details on this effect are missing from the patent office and there’s plenty of disinfo on it  Does anyone have a scientific understanding of this effect?"
"Car left at Brisbane airport, might not be returning.. So I was on a working holiday in Australia. I flew back to the UK for Christmas and now I'm thinking about going back to university so I may not go back.   It's currently in a long stay car park at the airport and costing me money.  It's a pretty old car with a high KMs but I've spent quite a bit of money on it and I don't want to just abandon it.   What are my options?  How easy is it to sell a car while not in the country?"
"life makes no sens and i dont see a reason to live. always bean a bit different from the rest never really fit in any where even among some of my friends. my social abilities suck. was bullied from preschool and all public school. had a mother who mentally and physically hurt me and my sisters. got a job as a construction worker but kept having health issues and mental issues, only recently tried to get help but i don't see the reason to live if all my life is going to be in pain in some way or another.   sorry if my english isn't the best 3 language i learned"
"Writing to you guys from the hospital 14F here. Last night, I tightened a belt around my neck, tied it to a rack in my closet, and leaned back until I was lightheaded and saw double. I wrote a suicide note to my big brother. I’m completely fine, it was more of a gesture than a real attempt, even though the doctor’s are using that interchangeably.   I told my parents right after, and I scared them so bad. I feel so bad, they have so much on their plate right now in terms of work and general life stress. I could have just said “I want to see my therapist more often” instead of “I think about killing myself and death every day”.   I’m such a burden to my parents, they didn’t sign up for all this mess.   The hospital is so boring, there’s a guard always watching me outside my room, my mom is sitting next to me all the time and won’t let me out of her sight (she even made me sleep in my parents’ bed last night), and I got my blood drawn and passed out for the first time. I want to go home so badly, it’s my fault I’m here. I’m waiting for the therapist or whoever to come in, but I don’t know when that will be since they come see people in the ER in between patients.   I hurt myself because I feel like I’ve ruined my life. I’ve had sex with people in the double digits, manipulated and lied to a lot of them about my age (I look much older than I really am). I hate all the people I let crawl inside my body. I gave myself away to whoever would have me, I had no self respect and couldn’t even comprehend the consequences. I did just about every drug I could get my hands on. I was a humongous slut. All this happened from when I was 12-13, and then I came to my senses a few months ago. I’ve been trying to change so much, but I feel like nobody will ever want a disgusting slut like me. That someday everybody will find out what I’ve done in the past and abandon me, which has happened with a guy I liked before. He found out I had sex with two of his ugly, horrible friends and dropped me. That sent me even further down into this awful dark place. I wish I was innocent and pure and happy again. I wish I wasn’t such a reckless fuck up. I don’t want to tell my parents what I’ve done. My mom knows I’m not a virgin, but she doesn’t know the extent of it all. I got tested awhile ago, it’s an absolute miracle I’m 100% clear of any STDs.   I feel so guilty about even kissing somebody now.   I have this secret I carry around with me every day. Everybody will be disgusted and hate me. My brother knows a lot of what I did, he called me a massive slut. And it’s true. The worst part about this is that I did all of this to myself.   I feel like there’s no way out of this except to die. I already ruined my life. If I ever wanted to be successful in the public eye (I used to do acting and stuff) then somehow everybody would find out. Or somebody I lied to in the past about my age to have sex with me would find out (the oldest I’ve ever been with was 22. I was 12. A majority of all the people were older than me.)   I don’t deserve to live. I am in constant guilt and shame for what I’ve done. This would be so much easier if it was just some chemical imbalance in my head or something I’m not responsible for. I know everybody makes mistakes, but I did this all to myself. Me. And I should pay the consequences."
"What to do with settlement money? I would love everyone's opinion on which direction to go.  We divided all of our assets equally, including retirement. I will be getting a large amount from his retirement account. I always assumed I would put the money in an IRA.  But a friend said I should use part of it to pay off my remaining credit card debt. Since I am not even close to retirement age, I know I will be tax heavily. If I paid off my credit card, I could then use that monthly payment to increase my current contributions to my 403b.  I know the financially responsible thing to do is put it in an IRA and forget about it. Just wondering if my friend's argument has an validity. Thanks! (Georgia, US - if that matters)"
"I finally feel at peace. My whole life I have been tormented by everyone else but now I will finally have my escape to a better place. I am going to go buy a gun this week since I thankfully can easily get oneFor the first time in my life, I feel free, not owing anything to anyone Made a pact to kill myself by the time my next birthday rolls around in less than six months"
Social Anxiety!! Medication!! I can't articulate my thoughts because of my social anxiety. I get all confused and zoned out. Should i go for medication??
Friends Being the last choice for all of your friends and your friends only talking to you when they have nobody else to talk to and when they find someone to talk to they they just ghost you 👍👍
"Tantrums My daughter (5 years old) is prone to tantrums and fits of crying.  When she does, I have recently resorted to sending her to her room, which she doesn't like.  I tell her that she can come out when she calms down, which she does now.  My husband thinks I'm being too hard on her, and she's too young for that kind of discipline.  I think she needs to learn self-control before she gets too old to manage.  Who is right?  Does anybody know of any other methods that work?"
"I need to know what my motivation is here. I've been suicidal since I was an adolescent. Life as an adult has been less than fulfilling, just recently started hitting an all time low I can't  even fathom. I'm, I just recently lost my girlfriend of 10 years over my drinking and mania. Ironically, I also just got a second DUI trying to see her a month ago, crashed my car into a telephone pole, and blew a .27. now I'm facing possible jail time, losing my great job, and whatever else they can throw at me. I'm already $2200 in with out even going to court yet. I'm feeling oh so low, unmotivated, and scared what the future holds in store for me. My father says he will be kick me out if I lose my job over this, so I say again, what the fuck is my motivation here? What's the point of trying to keep going when you're pushing 30 and still live with your folks and not a fucking leg to stand on? I've tried anti deppresion pills and among others for my other issues. The only thing that ever truly helped me was marijuana, but that cost me a previous decent job almost 4 years ago that I still dwell on, and what eventually turned me into a full fledged alcoholic which sits before you today. Struggling to get sober because the law is on my ass now and it's so fucking hard. Just today my blow and go malfunctioned, now I gotta get it reset for yet another $55 dollars tommorow. Now once again, what's my fucking motivation here? What can I find to help prevent me from fucking hanging myself, cause this existence to me is a fucking useless failed one. I remember being 18 and feelong somewhat excited/overwhelmed at the future. That was almost 10 years yesterday now. I just feel even if I do find sobriety, I fear I'll still find ways to run into trouble, and continue to fucking hate myself as I do now. I just don't know anymore. Anything helps, thanks."
"Seeing anxiety affect my physical health again. My hair is thinning out again and I'm way more prone to getting sick, and it's so hard not to pick at my cuticles and lips.  How does this stuff manifest for you guys?"
"(F/24) Moving past bitterness for mother (F/?)  My mother loves me, but not as much as my sister - resulting in a lot of resentment. Isn't that good enough, that my mom ""cares"" about me?  I feel like I long for her acceptance, yet harbor a lot of bitterness and hatred towards her because I will never be the favorite. Studies show that most parents don't admit it, but they do have a favorite, and this preference is extremely unlikely to change over time.  I brought it up to her several times, but every time she's been defensive and invalidating of my emotions. She doesn't believe parents can have favorites.  Even if she is my mom, I feel like I deserve more than searching for validation from someone who I will always be second best to. I have chronic low self-esteem, let people cross my boundaries, and have had suicidal urges since when I was a child. I feel like these two are connected somehow.  I am moving towards independence, but my personal situation does not allow me to move out yet.  I realize that this frame of mind is only hurting myself. How do I accept not being the favorite and move past this? (And I am currently seeing a therapist btw.)  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR: Feels hatred and resentment over a normal mom who has a favorite child. How to improve my self-respect and move on?"
"Please someone help me I filed for divorce, and my husband who does not have an attorney filed a counterclaim. HOWEVER, the counterclaim was filed over 1 1/2 ‘months ago. Almost everything on the claim is a lie. My attorney was never given the counterclaim neither was I. The only reason I know about it because we have court is a week and it was left on my cars windshield.   Wtf!? Is this normal? You only get 21 days to respond, he didn’t even allow me that chance because I was NEVER served. And he wrote on the counterclaim that he served me PERSONALLY. That did not happen! I’m so confused, why is he behaving this way? And now all of a sudden he was equal custody? When he’s said he wants nothing to do with our kids, can someone please explain how this works? My attorney didn’t seem worried since he says he has not gone about this in the appropriate manner and we will handle it and respond to the filing. I’m so stressed out, my husband is a cheating narc and I just wanted a peaceful divorce."
"What does “getting help” look like? Hi everyone. I hope I came to the right place. I’m still trying to decide if I’m just as depressed as I normally am and always have been or if I’m at my wits end. I feel very happy around friends, when I’m learning new things, or at work (I work with youth). I want to feel that way all the time but I feel like my brain is working against me. I am finally receiving all the fruits of my labor but everything feels pointless. It’s as if my life is playing out perfectly on one channel but my brain is tuned into white noise and static. I hope that makes sense.   Although I am high functioning, I struggle with anxiety and lately it’s been debilitating. I’ve noticed my screen time go up. It’s very hard to focus. I’m also about to start grad school. While I am passionate about my field and so excited, I’m a bit worried about my mental health and if I have the capacity to do it all over again.  Anyway, what does “getting help” look like?   I’ve reached out to therapists that are covered by my insurance for months and have hit a wall. Even when they say they are accepting new patients, I never get a call or an email back. I am sincerely trying my best.  What do I say to my friends? What do I say to my family? I think we all hear about how we should reach out for help, but it’s daunting when it’s not really conceptualized clearly. I know it varies but I would like to know what it could look like.   What did getting help look like for you? How did you reach out and to who?   Thank you for taking the time to read this.  Warmly, Me  &lt;3"
"I just got back from a church camp where I was truly happy, and noticed my household is shit when I got back, I need to know what to do. I hate my life and need people that lift me up. (14yo M) My house is constantly depressing and my mom is a painkiller addict that has bipolar depression (Undiagnosed, that's just my guess) and won't acknowledge it. I'm actually very intelligent and am a genius, however I am failing all of my classes because I have ADHD, and don't know what to do, I need someone to talk to, I need to figure out what to do, my dad lives in another state and I want to live with him because he is a really good guy who looks out for what's best for me.   I am an alcoholic and if I told my mom she would probably hit me with a belt and put me in a highschool with a bunch of people who hate my guts. (I did some bad stuff and pissed a lot of people off but I've changed for the better.) I hate myself, but I told my mom that I think I have depression but she doesn't believe it exists.  I bareley get to see my friends because after I did the before mentioned bad stuff, my mom put me in homeschool, and the only time I get to see them is on sunday youth group. I'm feeling particularly empty right now and am afraid of making a decision in a moment of sadness and despair. Please give me your advice I need all I can get right now."
"Call NASA, my body defies the laws of thermodynamics I've been eating on average 600 cal a day and my weight has not budged in two weeks. In fact it has gone UP. WTF  Is my scale broken? Am I broken? Am I sleepwalking to McDonalds in the middle of the night? lmao  If I don't shed some pounds when I get my period in a few days I will actually lose my damn mind"
"Am I in the Wrong Place? New to Reddit. Trying to find a place to connect, but I can't seem to relate to a single post I've read here. Am I in the wrong place?   I am not suicidal due to a lost relationship; Nor due to anger towards someone or betrayal of some kind; Nor due to a recent loss. I think it is a huge mistake to assume we can derive meaning from another human being or relationship.   I am just tired. I am emotionally and spiritually exhausted, regardless of what may change in my external world.   I just don't understand the trite, and frankly unsubstantiated, answers people give to dissuade suicidal individuals here.  No job, relationship, or selfless charity can address the fundamentally existential experience of being a conscious person on this earth. Nobody ""exists to help others."" Making meaning out of your trauma is a coping mechanism, not a truth.    I would love for someone to prove me wrong here, or make a real suggestion. Please.   **A few notes: Yes, I am in therapy. Yes, I take medication. Yes, I work out and do yoga and tai chi, and eat right (or at least, as much as chronic illness allows). Yes, I meditate every single day. Yes I have hobbies. Yes, I do volunteer work. Yes, I have attended support groups. And yes, I am in a relationship.**"
"Celexa story/advice requested Hey everyone   I’ve been on citalopram ever since college (7 years ago next month). I started off at 20 mgs and only last year I realized the negative effects were becoming unbearable.  The side effects I’ve been most concerned about are the delay/inability to orgasm, lack of emotion to certain things and most of all, the sweating. I’ve always been a bit of a sweater but it’s become so bad that its starting to ruin my summers. If the weather is above 70 Ive actors the fact I’m probably going to sweat through my shirt. I know this is a big side effect for everyone else too.  Recently, I’ve begun to taper with the intent to stop taking it. I’ve gone from 20 to 10 to 5 over the past year and have felt shaky at times but nothing too bad yet. The side effects haven’t seemed to lessen besides the fact I’m feeling more emotional lately (a good thing!).  Hoping for some insight into my sweating issue as well as advice for taking the final steps to finally get off :)"
"Survey: Ex-patients Tell of Force, Trauma and Sexual Abuse in America’s Mental Hospitals [Read it here.](https://www.madinamerica.com/2018/12/mia-survey-force-trauma-sexual-abuse-mental-hospitals/)  ""In a MIA survey of people who had been patients in mental hospitals, nearly 500 respondents told of an experience that was often traumatic, and frequently characterized by a violation of their legal rights, forced treatment with drugs, and physical or sexual abuse. Only 17% said they were “satisfied” with the “quality of the psychiatric treatment” they received."""
"Is achieving unconditonal self esteem possible? After reading self help after self help article, everyone says that your self esteem should be unconditional of whether other people give you validation or not. But it just seems so impossible and sometimes feels like it's just an unachievable goal.   Has anyone actually managed to achieve genuine self love regardless of others' approval?  Thank you so much"
"How can I train myself to remain present throughout the day? I've been practising meditation almost every day for a long time, but I've noticed little improvement in my ability to remain present throughout the day.   I'm almost always in my head thinking about the past/future. It's an unconscious habit so I keep doing it even if I don't want to. Even if I try and remind myself to stay present, I end up consciously bringing myself to the present moment a few times a day at best.  The thing is I haven't figured out a system to make it a habit. How are you supposed to do that? The best thing I've thought of is setting a reminder on my phone, but then it'd need to go off like every minute to be effective (which is a huge distraction so it's not feasible lol)"
"Funny how people work... When they need something, emotional, pshyical or financial help they are free and eager to talk. As soon as the problem you helped them with is solved, they up and vanish. Don't want a single thing to do with you. I am so tired of it. Makes me feel like that's all I'm good for. I don't mind helping, in fact I love it. It makes me feel great to be needed and make someone's day better any way I can. Everyone wants to be needed, but don't drop the person you vent to, look for comfort and support from,  when you don't need them. Don't forget they exist when life's going smooth and then conveniently remember them when a storm hits. It's a jerk move and pretty soon they won't be so eager to  do it. Makes me just want to cut ties altogether to every social interaction I may have and be completely isolated, from family as well. At least then I know what to expect,  only have to deal with myself, and won't be feeling like a bag of dicks when no-one picks up. Always being alone is easy, stable and comfortable. Once you learn to be lonely it's not such a bad place to be."
"A reminder to everybody on here... Everything is gonna be alright. I don’t know exactly what you’re going through, but I believe you’re scared and can’t set your heart to ease, can you? Just know you’re not alone in this and that everything is gonna be fine.  Stay away from google, take a deep breathe and do something you enjoy doing. Please have a good day! Everything is going to be alright...! :)"
"As a person being someone is boyfriend, can you help your partner not to see life so cruel? She has been suffering for so many years and literally she tells me that I am too good for her but I do not want to leave her since I want and I feel able to help her or minimally be close to her but she tells me that her life will not last more than 1 year, since just the day she turns that day that day she will kill herself and it is a margin of time that I have but still I do not know how to encourage her anymore That yesterday she tells me that she began to think about her life and does not remember any happy moment she had and then in the end I managed to calm her down and everything was fine until today where her brother hit her and almost killed her by hanging her and the fight did not tell me why it was but her own mother challenged her brother to kill her and at the end of a single madness step and she meanwhile told me this in her room, kind of what the fuck am I going to do in the sense of, I am 18 years old, I literally think of ways to make her feel better but not I can be even less, (where I live then at You 18 are not necessarily independent anymore) so I do not know what to do to help her since I feel that the more time passes the worse it gets and my efforts are useless, and it does not help me to leave and leave her alone since that may make her decide already kill yourself and I do not want that. I do not know what to do, that is why ask for even some advice (I do not tell my parents because I feel the answer is obvious) My girlfriend has depression and more problems and how her boyfriend does not know what to do even if he is willing to help her"
This is such a beautiful and accurate article https://medium.com/@imilo/i-wasnt-wrong-the-gift-inside-borderline-personality-disorder-bpd-91a6911ae81a
Why is it that I've experienced depression for 1/3 of my life but still have no idea what to say to people when they tell me about their depression? I'm just shit at comforting people. And I wish I were better at it but I know all the generic comforting shit doesn't work for me and I guess I don't want to do the same to others??? My best friend has BPD and I don't know what to say to her sometimes. Words don't feel like enough.
"The only thing keeping me alive is my cat I don't think I could bear the thought of abandoning my cat. I chose to adopt her, and in doing that I made a promise that I'd care for her. She's the only thing keeping me alive.  I have a fairly good life. I go to uni, I pay my bills, I have a really strong support system, my relationship with my family is fine. Honestly, from the outside in, you'd never be able to tell something is wrong with me.  But I fucking hate myself. I hate every inch of my ugly face, every piece of my disgusting body, my personality is so fucking bland. I'm not that bright, I'm not that funny, I'm sort of nice, but I can be a downright bitch at times. I did everything to try and better myself. I work hard, I support my friends, sometimes at the expense of my own mental health, I call my parents every week and visit my grandparents as much as I possibly can, I always try to learn new things and teach myself new skills. I'm doing good in school. But I can't get over how much of a useless piece of trash I am despite everything I'm doing. I hate my physique so much I've hidden all my mirrors and haven't taken a selfie in over 6 months. Every compliment I get makes me angry??? Like I'm not going to get mad at the person but inside it's like a freaking hellfire of burning rage. I'm so pissed when people don't see me in the same negative light that I see myself in. It makes absolutely no logical sense, but it just... happens.  To be fair, I've been diagnosed with some mental health issues. But I can't afford therapy, so that's out. Fake it till you make it is a lie. Those ""positivity journals""? Trash, I can't ever think of a single thing positive to say about myself. Every positive is countered by an immediate negative. Every piece of advice I've ever gotten about loving myself has backfired, and some of my ex boyfriends made damn sure that I'd never love myself so I'd stick around their abusive asses (I still cannot, for the life of me, understand how I ever got out of those relationships).   If I didn't have to take care of my cat and be responsible for her, I'd be on my 6th suicide attempt."
"Life sucks and then u die I've been going through a mental battle for a while now I just dont understand why we go through all these tough things in life and are expected to do things a certain way and if ur different in any way u are shunned and called an outcast and bullied for being different, when at the end of the day everybody that is born are all just humans, we all might sound look and act different but we are all humans but people lose touch in that. Also people go through so many rough patches just to get life snatched away at any given second and then what, nobody knows what happens after this and it irritates me why are we here if people are gonna die to young or die tragically for no reason and that's it, if god is real I just dont understand why he did this? This is just one thing that's going through my mind I might sound crazy but my mind is just on a loop of overthinking everything and it really fucks with me and because of it I've been dealing with depression for a while and this is like the first time I'm opening up about it I just need to get some stuff off my chest none of my family knows I've only talked to one friend before but he just pushed it aside and doesn't check on me and I've been single my whole life I just need a girl to talk to and someone who truly cares for me cause otherwise why I'm I even here."
"I am 17. For the past year or so I have been showing early signs of schizophrenia. I am losing focus in things, cannot do basic tasks right, disoriented thinking and most importantly feels like demons talking to me.Like I genuinely hear faint voices telling me things plus I also randomly think of bizarre things out of the blue. Lately I cannot seem to trust even the few closest people to me. I feel like I am a burden to them, That I do not mean anything to anyone and that they will be safe without me. I have even severed ties with probably the greatest friend I would have met in my life cuz of this.It hurts and I feel stranded with no one I can trust. People say there is no cure but it can be maintained. How do I stop these demons in my head? not sure if this is the right place or not but any schizophrenics here who could give some advice?"
"It has been a hard year. I feel lonely. Had to kick my girlfriend of 5 years out of my apartment due to her continued drunk driving. I was away on military orders when I had to do this and it was the hardest thing I've ever had to do.  This isn't about all of that though.  I know there are better subreddits for that type of thing but I just thought I'd give a bit of context.  I'm very secluded from my family due to their extreme religious views and I can't seem to get past surface level with friends anymore.  Do any of you lonely friends have any tips on how I can socialize more and perhaps kick the social anxiety that has been plaguing me since the start of this year?  I feel like a hug would heal me right up, and I know there are many people out there right now who feel the same.  &lt;here's a freebie for all of you&gt;*  Hang in there friends,  I am a born and bred pessimist but I believe in you all :)"
"Why do nearly all secret societies heavily feature the Egyptian motiff to some degree You see their acolytes display it ritualistically. David Bowie, Aleister Crowley, Freemason Heraldry. Most of their lore and rituals draw heavily from it. Why is this? There has to be something of deep significance to warrant this predilection to referencing it.   I've never seen or heard of anyone questioning why they always display these references, and if I know anything of secret societies, I know it is no accident, and its deeply meaningful and calculated."
"Full body workout advice I am looking for advice as I am having trouble finding a full body workout. I have a bad back (couple herniated discs) and I have been going to physical therapy for months to try and correct the weakness in my upper/lower back. Now that I am at a stable point I am intending on going back to the gym, but I am looking for a full body workout (3x a week). I was wondering if there was a good routine people could recommend for a novice that I could start out with to get back into fitness. I used to do ICF but my Physical therapist has warned me to steer clear of Deadlifts, Weighted Squats, and anything that is to hard on my back.   &amp;#x200B;  Any workout lists would be appreciated greatly.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;"
"Positive experiences from meds? I’m always reading about the down sides of meds and the side effects. I am currently looking at taking something for my depression and was wondering if anyone had anything good to say about the meds they are on. Thank you for your input, it could be life saving"
"Controlled music imagination Been diagnosed with schizophrenia for 7 years now, spent most of it in rehabs and psyche wards. However one day when listening to music i noticed i could imagine colors shapes and images to the music im listening to. Its almost like an itunes visualizer in your mind that you can control. Been pretty sane now and a a good medication for almost 3 years but i can still vizualize music while listening to it. Its almost like having the ability to put colors shapes and imagery to anything you listen to and it appears in your mind. Its hard to explain but does anybody else have the ability to do this? or heard of a medical term for the ability? ive been searching around the web and haven't found much. You can also project the images to appear in front of you and create something thats actually crazy cool. While practicing the ability to ""spit"" ive found it very difficult but enjoyable create art with music in your ear buds. does anybody else share this ability?"
Lady: I want a bra A lady goes into a garment store to buy a bra.   Lady: I need a bra.  Store Guy: Whats your size?   Lady: IDK you guess it  Store Guy: I will need to measure it with my hands.
"I guess I am writing this just to get it off my chest. At this point, I am sure my complete apathy to everything is a result of all of the stress, but I just feel... weird. A few weeks ago I was hospitalized because I had a plan and the means to kill myself. My boyfriend had a feeling something was wrong and stayed with me, and then I just exploded and told him everything. After that, I barely remember grabbing any belongings, going to the hospital, or sitting in the emergency room. I stayed in that hospital for about a day, and then was transferred to psych ward where I stayed for three days before being sent home. Tomorrow marks two weeks since I have been out. Since my release, I just feel apathetic or absolutely overwhelmed. No in between. I feel disconnected and kind of like I am experiencing a ""muted"" version of reality, if that makes any sense. Every day there is SOME reminder of the fact I almost killed myself and I am still dealing with transferring information between doctors, cancelling travel plans, and trying to exist. I know that at the end of the day, my hospitalization was a needed thing, but I am finding myself worrying that I just took my own pain and created more stress and pain for those around me. That was one of the biggest reasons I never told anyone but a therapist in the first place. I was hospitalized and now I feel apathetic"
"finally stopping anxiety meds I used to think i’d have to be on anxiety meds for the rest of my life. Due to some progress in therapy and recent life changes, i’m proud to say i’ve started the wean off process this week :)"
Is it time for a divorce? I am not attracted to my spouse physically and I’m not a fan of his personality. He gets a temper quick and is very demanding sometimes. There are other things but I am trying not bash him. I feel like we are not a good. I thought about staying just for the kids to have a 2 parents in a household. We are 32 and 31.  I also haven’t gotten over my ex.
Panic attacks about breathing too loud At school I keep feeling short of breath because I keep thinking I'm breathing too loud and everyone can hear me. Has anyone else experienced this? I feel so dumb because I worry about breathing too loud so I breathe loud because I'm panicking.
"Need help caring too much about someone who won’t give you a second though? Well learn from the master. I’m not sure how to describe myself I understand that friendliness is not flirtiness but I find my self turning casual friends in class to a perfect significant other in my mind  , we will talk for a month or two and we will become pretty good friends and then the feelings of wanting a relationship will come and I usually end up ruining a fine friendship  because I’m too lonely and get attached to anyone who gives me a second look   And at this point I just want to hold someone’s hand , share stupid jokes, and just have to hold and be there for me , it’s not that I don’t have friends it’s that I have no romance .🤷🏼‍♀️"
Lying in the bed and thinking about ending my life. Interesting how things can change..
"Does medication slow the progression? So I've been told, however, I am also aware that every person with unique brain chemistry etc.   responds to medication differently so I guess my question is has anyone in this group experienced or been told this as well?"
I have the best wife anyone could ever ask for. I told her I wanted to have a threesome for one night. she let me have a threesome every night for nine months.
i hate this just reading about COVID is giving me so much anxiety. Every single story I read about people dying from COVID brings me to tears. I can't focus on anything and I am becoming so distant from everyone. I miss my friends. I miss walking around campus and going to classes and its looking like a possibility we may not be back in the fall. Please stay inside so this shit will be over soon.
"What do Kim Jong Un, Donald Trump and a pulley have in common? They all love being the center of a tension."
Is Coronavirus a distraction? Does anyone else have any news of anything big happening in other parts of the world or here in the US? I’m just wondering because usually when something like this gets pushed so heavily by the media it’s a distraction.
Any recommendations for guides directed at pre-teen/teens about social media and internet use? I have found a lot of resources for parents but not a lot of books geared towards teens about using social media / the internet.  Any suggestions?  Thanks!
This memory loss is making me crazy I can’t remember shit for the short term.  I think I slept 5 hours but I don’t know. It’s as if it’s hard to tell when I go to sleep and if I open my eyes I don’t know if I actually slept for was tossing and turning and never fell asleep.  If I didn’t sleep then I would be up for more than 48 hours. I don’t feel like I am but I do feel tired.   I don’t know if this is:  - depersonalization/derealization  - A lexapro side effect  - Just my anxiety  It’s killing me that I don’t know which one is causing this very scary thing.   I feel like I’m going nuts not knowing if I slept when I very well could have. I think I did but I’m not sure.   It’s been going on for a while too. I had bad memory before going on meds due to high anxiety and also had a hard time knowing when I exactly slept or how long I slept. But this seems worse.
"At what point, if any, should savings account rate hikes start to worry me? I just got *another* notification that Ally is up to 2.2% on their savings account. This time, instead of joy, I felt concern. Can't high savings account rates be indicative of economic strife?"
Ben Swann officially fired from CBS46 Went into work today and was told Ben has been fired from CBS46 / Meredith Corp.
"A thought for your thoughts As I lie awake, I feel so out of breath Same as every night, I’m thinking of you death It hurts just to move, my body full of bricks Inside of me somewhere, something I can’t fix I’ve never had the balls to do just what I need I’d rather lie awake and feel my insides bleed Why do I do this? Why do I stay? Doing nothing, hoping the pain will fade away? I’m mad so mad so mad I want to scream Even if I fall asleep I’ve forgotten how to dream So I’ll just lie awake, counting every breath No matter where I go, you come with me death"
"Little tidbit I wrote about my struggles these last few months, any feedback is appreciated! How am I doing? Pretty shitty, thank you. Everything's got an awful tinge of gloomy blue Happiness is long overdue Been a while since I've had any composure  Time flies when you're going through the motions Hopelessly stuck at a junction, in stasis May never live to tell the tale Bubble's been popped, the ship has sailed Struggling under rubble, from here I can feel death It's got a stale taste and I'm feeling more and more frail Growing afraid I won't live to make amends Leaving all this madness in my stead Guess I'll burn alive instead King of the castle relegated to mere pawn For I have sinned Father, oh, have I ever Got a clinical case of cabin fever  The painstaking ascension seems steeper by the second As my bloodied hands claw back towards redemption Despondence sets in, like clockwork A perverted game of cat and mouse Swirling around in a roundabout Pondering how to turn the tide Ain't no Man of Steel, can't turn back time Even if I were, wouldn't have flunked it on my first try  Choking on my own self-pity Sending an SOS that's much too faint to be heeded Uncertain if I even want a soul to hear it How hollow must I be, to willingly wallow Willingly clutch onto the claws of this sorrow There's a glimpse of hope, gleaming out at a sea Perhaps I could have frantically swam, and set myself free But blinded by guilt, its bright lights I cannot see And thus I'll languish forevermore in this wretched misery"
"Trump, part of the cabal? Still not satisfied with the clinical answers given in the comments. If he was, why destroy the MSMs network they've built up? PLUS why alert normies to their pedo AND satanic ways? Would risk putting normies eyes on them and then red pilling them??? The first thread I put up:   * https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/7r6bvo/if_trump_is_part_of_the_cabal_and_90_of_all_media/  But from the comments I ask simple questions and get downvoted quickly and their comments with lots of lots of assumptions gets upvoted very very quickly. To me, THIS IS SUSPICIOUS AND NEGATES THEIR ARGUMENTS so stop with the downvoting because it is obvious, just answer with logic. Could be my fault, I could have asked better questions, so here is my second try.   So let's try again, better answers please. In the first, I argued why Trump is not part of the cabal, because why elect him if he was to destroy the MSMs? Remember MSMs cover 90% of ALL news in the world.   So:  * Why risk destroying mainstream and increasing alternative media * Why risk it? * Why risk alt med outing them as satanists? * Why risk alt med  outing them as pedophiles? * Why risk red pilling the masses in the US? * Why risk red pilling the world?   Wouldn't that cause more people to be smarter, more informed, more intelligent, more suspicious? If Trump was in a different faction, destroying MSMs and making Alt Med popular, **ISN'T THAT JUST AS DANGEROUS** for his supposed faction?   And yes, nobody has yet to provide with WHO is the faction he is working for? It makes me ask the following:  * Who is he working for?  * WHo is more powerful than the Rothchilds to go against them? Unlikely, no? * Would this mean there is an internal war between the Bilderberg group or the Council of 300 or the Council of Foreign relations etc ... ? Again, unlikely, no?  And look, here is what he has done:  * Employment is up * BLACK Employment is up * GDP is up * Investment is up * The stock market is up * Deportations are up * Confidence is up * Minority unemployment is down * Illegal immigration is down * Taxes are down * Regulations are down * ISIS is down * DOJ investigative Clinton Foundation * DOJ investigate Clinton emails * DOJ investigate Obama drug trafficking by Hezbollah * NK peace talks  **This would make the common pleb much more powerful, no?**   So if he is part of the other side, or a faction, and he is not them, like satanic pedos, is there anything WORSE than satanic pedos? Is he into like .... alien worshipping sacrificing MILFs and drinking their blood? What does he stand for then if he is not one of them??? Be specific not assumptions!"
"Scared of the future So I'm currently in my third semester of  engineering in Germany  and approaching exams which I somehow can't motivate myself to study for. Reason for that is that I was meant to do an internship of 3 months before the end of the third semester.  I really can't explain why I didn't do that internship. I guess it was partly that I can't really see myself working in engineering in the future.  However exams of the previous 2 semesters went quite well and and I was happy to see my parents happy. Nonetheless I had to tell them at the beginning of this third semester that I still didn't do the internshipI'm obliged to do. That's where I almost collapsed. Seeing my parents disappointed and sad. It hurts so much.   So I applied for an internship at 7 different locations but didn't get an answer ( aplied just 20 days before the day I aimed to start so I get why I didn't get a response).  I now have 3 exams in at the end of January but I don't know what to do regarding the internship.   My sister which is currently on vacation asked a friend of hers and managed to get me report papers that I had to fill out. Which is something you have to do while you do an internship. But I can't fill out 3 month of daily reports without doing the internship. The problem is that my parents don't know that so they still of the belief that I'm writing those reports and that I'll have them ready in two days after my sis is back.   I really don't know what to do. I'm scared of going to the professor who is responsible for the internships of my faculty because of the possibilty of him saying it's too late and that I will be thrown out of the uni.   I've never regretted something so bad. Why didn't I just look for internship a year ago. I've never wanted to go back in time so bad.  I'm gaining wheight so fast due to binge eating crap. I'll have to call my football coach and tell him I'm not coming anymore. I've never thought a mistake could impact your life so immensly. I don't know what to tell my parents on sunday when I have to show them my reports. I hope to one day be happy again  Tldr; Didn't do an internship I was obliged to do, dissapointed parents, let family down, feel mentally and physically weak"
"Do I have anxiety Okay, so, hello, lovely people of reddit, how may you be? Anyway, I need advice on something. I think I have anxiety. I’ve done so much research on it and everything I feel and think match up with anxiety. I ALWAYS overthink thinks. Even simple things. My hands tremble , even when I’m not in a stressful situation. I cry randomly for no apparent reason, And usually it’s hard to calm down. If I’m talking to someone there’s so much I wanna say, but I just can’t speak what’s on my mind, literally. I’m even scared of people in public looking at me. I can hardly even order food at restaurants because I get so nervous. And when I get nervous, I usually start doing self-destructive things like twisting my hair. Or tapping my feet. I’m too afraid to tell anyone I know in real life because I’m too afraid of their judgement or what they’ll say. I know this isn’t a place to ask for medical advice but I need help, either way. I’m driving myself insane with my own thoughts. I can’t even go into public without being triggered by something as simple as someone looking at me. I can’t go on living like this. I’m nervous to post this but i have to reach out to someone for advice. Anyway, thanks for listening if you have. Please give me some advice on what I should do, please."
ems abs stimulator fullcircle-This abs toning is done via a complete workout of the abdominal muscles using [ems abs stimulator](https://fullcircle.ae/tag/ems-abs-stimulator/) (electrical muscle stimulation)
"Best weighted blankets? (UK) Hey I'm looking for a weighted blanked for anxiety, what is the best one to get? What weight is the best? Thanks!"
Trying to find the healthiest distractions when I am feeling low but all I can really do is sleep. Sleep until you cannot sleep anymore then up and thinking about a thousand different things. Idk what is supposed to help anymore. I really wish I could do something spontaneous like take off to another state/country for a few weeks but I cannot do that. I really cannot come up with a new escape. Not even stupid reality tv helps. Distractions
"US Bank refusing to refund a cashier's check drawn from my HELOC. They issued the check to pay off a car loan I had to Bank of the West, but when they issued it they abbreviated it to BK OF WEST.  Bank of the West rejected it and sent it back to me.  Today I took the check into the bank so I could get the money refunded, but they told me they can't refund it because it was drawn from a line of credit. I asked them to explain why but they didn't have an answer. The only option they've given me is to issue a new check, for the same amount, with the correct spelling. I have since payed off the loan to Bank of the West, but US Bank still wants to send the cashier's check to them anyway.  US Bank is currently in possession of the check.  I should also mention that this check was originally purchased from my line of credit, by US Bank, without my knowledge or consent.   &amp;#x200B;  This was an email I sent to them but still haven't heard back.  &amp;#x200B;   Hi \[redacted\]       After giving this matter more consideration, I've decided to send in a payment on my own to Bank of the West to pay the loan in full and close the account (as agreed when we applied for the HELOC).  I would like to remind you that the cashiers checks purchased from our line of credit account, and which were meant to pay off our credit obligations, were purchased and drawn without \[redacted\] or I's knowledge or permission. Now that the original (and misspelled) check is in possession of US Bank, I'm formally requesting the cancelation of the check and the funds of $6677.00 be returned to one of our accounts...either checking, savings, or line of credit.  Given the amount of the check, the fact that the bank is now in possession of the original check, and that the check was drawn without our permission, I will not hesitate to seek legal action to recover the funds that US Bank is refusing to return.  You may forward this email to whoever can take care of this issue. I look forward to your reply.  Regards,  crash4650"
"I'm fucking pathetic I want to kill myself over a boy...  I want to kill myself over a boy... I want to kill myself over a boy...  God, it's so fucking pathetic that a person can hurt me like that. HOW DO I LET HIM SO THAT"
"Is there a way to stop overthinking? I feel like I overthink so much to a point where the matter seems 100 times worse than it really is and end up hurting myself and end up with very bad anxiety, is there a way to stop thinking so much?"
School I know that corona virus has stopped schools but I feel to depressed to even attempt my homework like why did schools just want us to do homework at the time when I get really sad because I don’t get to talk to people i have a lot of friends but I can’t talk to them properly over messages/social media as you have to wait for people to respond and sometimes might never respond I have really good social skills in person and I also have autism and people bully me commonly.
it is completely out of the blue now...usually I am reminded of something or I will see something random and I will just start to tear up in front of people for absolutely no reason. I am usually very tethered but lately I am just so tired...I am so tired of living and I would never have the guts to kill myself...but every morning I wake up with such incredible sadness &amp; I wish I would never been born in the first place. It just seems like nothing ever goes my way and it is getting worse. It feels like I have never been really happy and usually I will drown it out with friends but now even that does not work. I cannot afford therapy and I do not know what to do. I just wish I could not feel anything again. I have began to publically cry
"Currently mid-panic attack I got a little overwhelmed by everything that's happened to me this month and I'm in a panic attack where I can't stop gasping for air. My self soothing isn't working. I don't have room for this in my life right now and I am so frustrated I can't sleep because I am like this. I am pacing my apartment trying to stand still long enough to type out parts of this     My previous ways of calming down were my ex partner, imagining myself physically soothing myself, and drawing the thoughts in my head, does anyone have any other self-soothing mechanisms? I have been doing great until the last day or so"
"What do you guys think of Actualized.org? Does anybody follow what this guy does ?   Hes basically going hardcore with spirituality doing 30 day retreats, powerfull psychedelics and putting out long and deep videos every week.  I think its quite fascinating to observe what is happening with him."
"Question about fill date So, the Walgreens where I get my prescription won’t recognize the three-day rule for filling my Adderall script. I went yesterday (one day early) and they told me I had to wait until tomorrow. But when I go today, it has yesterday’s date. Isn’t this going to affect me next month around? Should I keep the receipt showing that I just got it TODAY, or does that not have any bearing whatsoever? Here’s pic for verification https://imgur.com/a/Mg27DRi"
"Could really use advice... I've reached a point in my life where I've accepted that I am the problem. I'm the common denominator in failed relationships and a recently failed friendship. I've recently found myself stuck in my head and it's leading me down the road to a permanent solution that I'd much rather avoid. I don't think I can forgive myself for even thinking like that being that I know people personally who are going through things MUCH MUCH MUCH worse than what I am. I really don't want to downplay what anyone is going through, I am no better than you.  On paper, I don't think my situation is severe like some or even unique. I just recently received my A.A but I really didn't care for what I was studying so I took a break this semester because I was afraid of wasting time/money pursuing a degree I wasn't passionate about. But because of this, I feel as if I lack purpose and as a result, I lack drive.   This has permeated into my personal life, however, as I have also felt my close relationships deteriorating. My closest bud of 10 years stabbed me in the back (for lack of better term) and I'm finding it difficult to get over it. I'm not perfect, maybe it was deserved? I don't think so as I have never done anything similar to him. In the long term, It's not a big deal as I will eventually move on from it, but the trust is shattered and it's caused me to isolate myself from my group. You really figure out who your friends are when you have nothing. Nobody has come looking for me. Looking back, I shouldn't be surprised. I  My dating life is absolute shit. My peers seem to have things figured out, some are married, some have kids, others are just in relationships, and I sit here wondering where the fuck I went wrong? I don't think I'm a bad dude or a ""nice"" guy. I'm confident enough to say I'm a good looking dude. I'm not entitled to anything and I'm not special. I'm not fake. I'm just ME. But sometimes I feel like I have to put on a face for these women because clearly, me being me isn't enough.  All these little events, combined with my feeling of lacking purpose and drive has left me crippled. I just spent the past hour driving around town with the windows down, crying, wondering what it was that I did that left me in this position. Even though I feel like I'm the problem, I just don't know what it is that I'm doing wrong.    A part of me wants to leave this city for good. I hate this place and I think that's playing a role in me feeling this way. I moved back here after separating from the military to help out my mom while also saving money. I try not to blame the city too much but I don't fit here and I do make attempts to like it but I just don't  I'm not sure what to do anymore. As I type this I'm feeling helpless, lost, and just flat out fucking miserable, man. No appetite, zero desire, zero motivation to get out of bed. What's the point? I try to be myself but I'm always getting shitted on in one form or another. Being in bed, smoking weed, allows me to not accept that reality.   I'm not asking for a pity party but I could really use some serious advice as I truly believe that If this goes on, It won't end well. Anyone ever find that light at the end of the tunnel? What did you do to get there? What steps were taken to minimize the depression?   Thank you so much for reading"
"Can i have some help with my emotionally abusive parents? (M17) My stepdad and mom are constantly calling me lazy and basically a piece of shit just because I spend my time in my room. I just got done crying bc I was yelled at for not doing anything and being lazy, I do spend most of my time I  my room buy that's because I really can't stand being around them.   I make pretty good grades and haven't been denied to a college yet and still they say that I don't do anything. I don't know what else I can do honestly like it's so frustrating working as hard as you can for 40 hours a week at school plus homework and still being called lazy. I do all my chores and everything without them having to ask, I cook dinner sometimes, and am currently looking for a job to save up for college.   Just about the only person that I feel truly appreciates me is my girlfriend who is the only light in my life right about now other than knowing I'm getting out of here.  For instance they said that I should have trained our dog bc I'm the only one home all day, but I have school that is just as much work as they have plus I have homework so it's usual more than them. I really just don't know  what to do anymore idk if I'm really asking anything or just blowing off steam but any advice would be appreciated.  tl;dr: my parents constantly call me lazy even tho I work really hard."
"CPO Confusion #2 Hi all,  So I'm 19 and of legal age to purchase ""tobacco"" products in my area. I am looking at putting an order in for some more e-juice. However, my college has a strict community covenant about no tobacco products. Is it legal for them to open it? or make me open it in front of them?  The box won't have any large labels that scream ""vape"" on them, but I am still slightly worried that it will be looked at. Do any of you know how this will go down?"
Loneliness is a bitch Honestly sad my first and only attempt so far failed  I built up so much courage to OD and I just fucked everything up for myself and now I’m too scared to do anything again   I really want to die but I’m scared of failing again   And now I have no one to talk about things with because I’m alone
CMMG Banshee 9mm Colt magazine reliability I’ve been doing my research on PCC’s trying to find which one would best fit my needs and I like the most. I’ve decided the CMMG Banshee(8 inch)  is the gun for me.   I’ve been trying to find more info on the Colt mag variant seeing as how they are about $200 cheaper than the glock mag variant. I have no glocks or colt mags so I’m impartial to which magazine the gun uses but I don’t want to buy a gun that won’t be reliable.   There is plenty on the internet supporting reliability with the glock mags but not very much about the gun using colt mags.   Anybody have any experience with colt mags and CMMG banshees/guards/resolutes?
"Energy sensations, looking for input Hello everyone,  I've meditated on and off for years but, I'm on a streak of one month now of at least one hour per day (usually in one sitting).  I decided to commit to daily meditations to help maintain the progress I made from a series of ketamine infusions.  Yesterday, I did two hours in two sittings, one hour each.    &amp;#x200B;   Lately, I've been much more mindful of the ever-present tension in my throat.  During the second sitting, I felt this energy building in my throat.  In the past when I've tried to bring my attention to any energy sensation it would simply disappear the moment I focused on it.  Last night, as I brought my attention to the sensation in my throat, the sensation started to grow and spread throughout my neck.  I also started to feel the sensation growing below my diaphragm.  I let it build and build until I couldn't take it anymore and I started coughing.  I continued sitting until the hour was finished but, I that sensation didn't happen again.  My throat feels lighter today.    Does anyone have any input as to what happened?"
Can ADHD be caused by traumatic experiences? Is bullying considered traumatic experience ? Is bullying considered traumatic experience ?  Can bullying cause ADHD? How different is aquired ADHD from innate AdHD.?
"I can't deal with it all... I wake up and am assaulted with anxiety about my health, my life, my job and lately even my marriage. I can be so angry when my anxiety gets bad... I feel like everyone will abandon me at the drop of a hat and I do not feel strong enough to deal with myself if it ever IS just me alone. I use the VA after serving in the Army and they've let me go 6 months without medication due to long wait times. I'd love to curl up and just forget everything but realistically that would never work with how badly my mind races...   Drinking has been a kind of medicine for me when things get really bad during these last few months but I know that's not a good answer...  Thanks for listening."
"Ppl in this town are ganging up on a young girl bc she was found cutting herself. A young girl in Wabash,IN was found to be cutting herself with thoughts of suicide. Instead of helping her, the parents of the other kids are saying she's teaching their kid how to hurt themselves and now the town is shunning the girl and parents are trying to get her removed from school bc she's ""a threat to their kids"".  The girl's mother is all over facebook trying to defend and raise awareness, but it's not going well.  This is not how you treat ppl with depression.. I want to do something for this poor family and girl, but I dunno how. I'd love to publicize the attackers, and post what theyre doing on facebook, so attention gets brought to them so they see their errors, but it'd just lead to witch hunting, or worse, and I don't want anyone to hurt. Even the few friends she had were forced to quit hanging out with her.  I just don't know much about depression or trying to change the minds of the horrible ppl in the town attacking the girl :("
"This subreddit has made me feel far less alone for the last couple weeks of my life but after all the abuse, panic attacks and shit I have had to put with in my life, I have finally made the decision to end life. I feel deeply at peace and care free now. there is some irony there, is not there? I am going to be overdosing on sleeping pills and alcohol soon whenever I fall into another emotional pit again I just have to write my note and perhaps some music because I have always wanted to write an album. Something like spiderland by slint Farewell every beautiful soul I have had the pleasure of talking to on this subreddit Thank you for everything"
"31 Days Late This is my first post here and from mobile so please forgive the poor formatting.  Just received my credit score update through ck and it showed 1 late payment for November on my NMAC account, instantly I called them to verify the information and I was informed that my payment due October 11th wasn’t made until November 12th. Naturally I asked if they offered any forgiveness because I have had over a year of on time payments and the gentleman on the phone stated that Nissan does not unless it is due to error on their end. I am fully aware that this is my fault, over that time I was dealing with other financial issues and it was an honest mistake. I’m reaching out to you guys for any advice as my credit score did drop 100 points from this, and prior to this my payment history was 100% on time."
"its been years.. Most of you must have experienced depression for a long time.. does it really take years or even a lifetime? Everyday is a damn struggle to show a smiling face at work but when you're alone at night the pain multiplies tenfold. I am under medication for almost 3 years, however, the resource is already drained.. I'm out of meds and cannot afford therapy anymore.. Every night I do my best to suppress the cries because my housemate is not really helpful when it comes to this sickness. The stigma is there. I cant even talk to him about it, there's no support system here. Parents are not much help.. keep telling me to not think about it. If I know how to do that, I wouldnt be in this situation. I already tried to end my life twice. Dont know why I keep coming back. I dont believe in the higher calling anymore because if someone is listening up there, a little help would have been around at least. But what do I get? The only friend who has been there for me got sick and now paralyzed. I cant bring myself to give him this burden anymore as he has a huge problem of his own. Already thinking of mixing pesticides to end this meaningless existence.. I dont believe in the afterlife so thanks!"
"Is it okay to not be okay? I've been overwhelmed with the announcements of wedding, babies, engagements lately. I feel like people my age are hitting these milestones that I use to dream about when I was little.  I know my time will come...and I know people make it look easy on social media. I just have had this little social anxiety FOMO and it's been slowly creeping up on  me."
"My anxiety makes me quite nauseous on dates On dates I get extremely nervous, and one of the ways my anxiety manifests is loss of appetite. I literally cannot eat or put any food in my mouth without suppressing a gag.  What can I do? So much of dating revolves around getting food. And you can only say “oh no thanks, I’m not hungry” so many times.  It takes me a while to feel comfortable enough to eat with someone.  I can barely eat at work functions and parties."
"I wish I had a gun right, it would make it so easy. I would blow my fucking head off right now without hesitation. Why the fuck does it have to be so hard to get a gun? Why should I have to jump through hurdles and do a bunch of bullshit just so I can finally kill myself?They should just make suicide booths already. Why do they force people to live? Just make an easy, quick and painless way for suicidal people to kill themselves, I thought overpopulation was a problem anyway? No I do not want to fucking hang myself, that is a horrible way to die. Just give us an easy way out already. Why does it have to be so difficult?"
"life feels like my face being beaten into the ground everyday i'm trans and have known since i was around 13, i wasn't able to start hrt until i was 17 and had to watch my body basically destroy itself in that span of time.  the day i got my prescription was probably the happiest i've felt but my mom's response was to scream at me for the 2 hour ride home and essentially ruined any happiness i felt, eventually when i did start the medication i wasn't seeing the intended affects for a few months but it was simply blown off by the doctors until i was finally prescribed a higher dosage.  after the higher dosage i actually started seeing some effects although slower than other people i knew who were transitioning at the same time, which i accepted.  eventually it just kinds plateaued off and i was left with the face of and body and face of a man (mtf) and weird deformed boobs, i asked my doctor about this and was told i was intentionally kept on the lowest possible dosages and it never really went up so i experienced literally no changes as a result, now left with medication that doesn't even work i'm being denied refills or anything and i've wanted to kill myself more than ever before  sorry for the formatting or run on sentences or whatever i just needed to rant to something"
"Mostly things seem to be circumstantial but it weighs much heavier when you have a constant sadness looming over you, the stones life throws ar you get much larger. Being numb feels alright, I guess its better than pain sometimes.Grief hurts, loss hurts, bad choices hurt. Being a lump of coal hurts. Depression causes me to deal with things so poorly. My head is swirling and I feel so low.I want to be excited for things I am doing, but I feel like I am leaving things behind and I feel like I have lost a large chunk of myself, one I am still desperately holding onto because I do not want it to be gone but I do not have a choice.Life feels cruel, I blame myself for a lot of pain I feel. I do. But I also just wish I could let go of it, but I know it is a pain that will not ever get easier, just less prominent maybe. I am just really not doing that great"
"Can someone out there please tell me they've had success without counting calories? A little about me. Male, 6'2"" 162 lbs. I'm not really skinny fat, but just skinny. In the last month, I quit smoking cigarettes, cold turkey, and started running four times a week. I get up at 4:30 in the morning to do this, and go for about 4 miles now. I have always wanted to be 'ripped' for lack of a better word. Tired of standing next to guys that are huge at work or wherever, makes me feel very self-conscious. So I'm now very interested and dedicated to weight training.  **I cannot emphasize enough that I understand 'no pain no gain' .** It is not knowing what the fuck to do that keeps me stagnant. I quit doing IV heroin, roughly $200 a day back in 2014 and got on Suboxone for four years, which I quit three months ago cold turkey (like I said, small amount of discipline doesn't scare me). It is not knowing what the fuck to do as everything I've read on here and the wiki and books by certified gymrats, tells me what I least want to hear: Something along the lines of ""track your calories, but your mileage may vary"".  Why am I skeptical about counting calories? Our ancestors didn't have the means to track macros, yet they were at least decently fit (I'm talking about paleo humans), and all they did was go about their lives. They didn't live in a fat happy society like we do now. I understand this is unrealistic nowadays, and that calories matter; **I'm not suggesting that they don't.** I just don't even understand how to keep track of the caloric content of many meals. If I go to a friend's house and they cook a delicious meal, that is nothing but whole foods, do I ask them for all the ingredients, nutrition labels, and how much my portion weighs? I'm not being sarcastic here, just this has always perplexed me.  I just need it simplified. I know my diet needs to be fixed. Forgoing frosted flakes in the morning and not having a roll or beer with dinner doesn't compare to overcoming opioid dependency and shitting my pants at work for two weeks cause I'm so sick. I can do it. Just need to make this facet of fitness that is seemingly one big grey area just a little closer to black and white (I know it's not).  Thanks for reading, you are all awesome."
"Im currently in depression right now, i have no friends i know a lot of people, i have friends in the sense that can only be doing casual talk and not serious talk about myself.  i have a wife who couldn't understand me and keeps on complaining about how her life is unfair.  i have certain programming and graphic design skill sets that i had always thought i could use this to do something big, or to make more money out of it but so far it leads to nothing but a pipe dream.  i need someone i can talk to, someone that doesn't need to know me and wont judge me for what i've said.  is there such a place where i can actually ""talk""?"
"is it worth it is it worth like ""just hanging on"" because thats the advice i always get but idk i dont really feel like hanging on however much longer until things improve bc well yanno. constant hurting kinda puts a dampener on will to continue"
"It IS hard to find true friends but WORTH a try :) Believe me, I've been there too!  There was a time in my life where I was TERRIBLY LONELY. I lived with my brother but we barely talked to each other. Had friends at work but somehow couldn't make them more than colleagues at work (couldn't hang out with them much, let alone share personal stuff).     Felt so miserable inside and since I am an introvert, part of me enjoyed being alone but there was also part of me that was breaking apart because of this lack of real support system. It was so bad that I had PANIC ATTACKS.     I just want to encourage you. Though it's not easy, there are steps you can follow to get you to a better place.   We can't expect an instant result, we have to bear some inconvenience and give our effort some time until we can see the results. We also have to risk the possibility of having someone hurt or disappoint us.     It's a long process, but we will get better at it.     Here are the steps, but this is just a nutshell of the whole process:     1. Find a community or a group you can join. What worked for me was taking a short course related to my hobbies, like writing or photography. This will help to make conversation a lot easier as we learn similar topic together with other participants. We probably have homework or assignments we can discuss with each other. 2. Detect different types of people. Some people talk a lot, some people don't. Some tend to be dominant. Some like to throw jokes. 'Mark' the ones you feel you can relate to or ask a few things. Who seems to be an expert? (you can ask more about skills). I personally would 'mark' the ones who seem relaxed and approachable. If it's a long term community (for example a church community), I will find a couple of people who seem wise and mature. 3. Expect to get hurt. If that happens, MOVE ON. There was a small group that I joined in the old days. I was so happy at first, they seemed caring and the atmosphere was positive. But I was still emotionally unstable. I was still seeing my therapist at that time, but I was terribly judged by one person, who happened to be the leader. She said harsh things that eventually made me cry uncontrollably. I decided to quit right away, and a friend who invited me to join this group was so upset with me because I didn't tell her that I quit. I was crushed! But at that time I had a supportive online friend who comforted me. It was a long story, but I finally managed to move on and keep pursuing new communities or friendships.  It has been quite a long journey, but believe me, at the end of the day, it will be worth it."
"Anxiety an university Hi guys,  So I’m a 20 year old guy just started university! Living at home so I commute in- about an hour each way.   Here’s my problem, I get a lot of attention from girls, looks and smiles but I’m so anxious I don’t know how to approach or start a conversation! I’ve been introverted my entire life but I’ve done well with girls and had long term relationships. I don’t know why I’m so anxious about it. For example I’m in the library and I have girls purposely sitting by me looking at me etc and I just don’t know how to approach. I know how simple it is but my mind just goes blank!  Any tips?"
"Adolescent suicide The truth about adolescent suicide or suicidal thoughts is that you can’t get help. Talking to people makes your case worse. If you y’all to your parents, they’ll tell you to grow up and if you tell your friends, they won’t believe you and make jokes about suicide to you. I need help."
"Just submitted a blood test to so I can get tested for ADHD. I've struggled with focus in school since I started school at 6 years old.  Now I'm in school again and I'm struggling. Again. I've wanted to get tested for years but without insurance I couldn't afford the doctor visits, medication, or God forbid, therapy.  Last week I talked to my physician and she needed me to get a drug screening before I can see a behavioral doctor. Yesterday I got my blood drawn and I'm this much closer to finding out if I'm truly suffering from ADHD or the like.  I remember seeing this sub from an AMA a YouTube channel did last year and started doing research like crazy because so much of what they said really clicked and made sense for me.  I started to realize that it's not just school but everything. Homework, laundry, time management, and recently I've noticed I struggle to stay asleep at night. I wake up randomly 4-5 hours in when I give myself plenty of time for a full 8 but I still wake up tired.  I've felt anxiety in the past because I was failing school and lying to my parents about screwing up. Maybe I wouldn't have lied if I had just done the work? I don't know why I kept lying or even started lying in the first place.  All this to say, I hope all of you who have ADHD at least try to understand what I'm saying and any feedback you have about what I can do to better myself, even if I don't actually have it, will be extra helpful.  I hope you all have a great day, and thank you in advance."
"I cannot get excited about things without feeling this constant heavy feeling of dread during or shortly after. I have been like this since I was a kid. I have tried anti-depressants, therapy but nothing works and I think I am now being complacent that this feeling of wanting to disappear is not ever going away. I am in a relationship with someone who has his own issues but is generally supportive and have a dog that I love more than anything in the world(only thing keeping me alive). I wonder what happens to people like us, do they just live out their lives and die with this feeling of dread, never actually feeling fulfilled? Is suicide the only ultimatum for people with heavy long term depression? or do they live long enough and the feeling slowly dissipate or something.. Here I am wishing I could maybe figure out one good thing about my depression to make it worthwhile..Replies/Advice welcomed I am envious of people who seem to get excited about life and things(Trigger warning)"
"So it's confirmed that I'm a ""debbie downer"" It honestly did hurt to hear the answer come from my friends, but at least they were honest about it and didn't lie to me. It's better to hear the truth than lies.   I bet you're probably wondering why I'm posting this and that this sounds stupid. Well the reason why I'm posting this is because I deal with very depressive mood swings which make me a debbie downer. I don't know if that's a sign of depression since I've never been diagnosed or if I'm just sad and it'll pass. But before it happened frequently. Everyday I would wake up sad, go to school sad, go home sad. The anxiety made it even worse. Last year, I was so unhappy and at the time I truly wanted to die. Well surprise surprise, people noticed that. People saw the mood swings and I presume to think they thought I was crazy (which is true in a way).   But I just wish people would understand when I talk about mental health. I wish my friends understood. But no, everyone's so caught up in themselves they don't think about the ones closest to them.   Sometimes I don't want to take my problems to the internet or my journal. Sometimes I just want the people who truly care about me to listen to how I feel just like how I do for them.  They look at my ""depression"" or anxiety as a sign of craziness since I'm not running the streets and gossiping and having a smile on my face 24/7. Because I lean moreover to the other side of the scale, I'm considered crazy and a ""debbie downer"".  I'm sorry that I can't smile. I'm sorry that my life isn't so youthful. I'm sorry that I live and feed off of my fears and anxiety. I'm not ""normal"".  Oh I'm too shy. I'm too quiet. TALK. Sorry that I like to live in a peaceful silence.   I envy those who have popularity. I envy those who have great friends. I envy those who can actually live life to the fullest and not let anything or everyone stop them. Because I sure do.   I don't want to be considered a debbie downer because I'm quiet.   And of course you're going to be a debbie downer when you're sad because you're SAD.   I wish sometimes I could live in my own little bubble. I wish I had my own world that I can create anything I desire. But fantasies are just fantasies.   *sighs in anxiety and depressing thoughts*  Sorry I just needed to vent. If you read through this, thank you."
"I have fear on conflict and anxiety over my ex and his gf. This is going to be quick... I have had anxiety since yesterday.. I just need to vent to someone anyone.   So basically I(29) have been divorced from my ex-husband since 2017. A month after the divorce he moved in his gf and her 7 month old autistic son..  I have hated her from the start... how could someone move into a STILL MARRIED mans house after only a month of me leaving .. I have no idea.  Anyways... A bit about me, I get anxiety over everything but more so when I even have the slightest disagreement with my ex-husband... we have already been threw the fighting of me trying to get him downtown to sign divorce papers.  He's one of those people with an F-You ill e do what I want attitudes. So needless to say it took a lot of calling and begging and crying to get him into the courthouse... I wanted it to be over. We have joint legal custody of our daughter. I don't make him pay spouse support .. Nothing. He walked away scotch free with a new girlfriend..  The recent event in which I haven't eaten or barely slept was two days ago when I picked up my kids 8 and 5 up from his house (was his weekend) my son (not biologically his) told me that his girlfriend was yelling at Daddy because she found out he was going to give me about $400 from his taxes.  Again... I haven't filed for child support. Yeah. I'm that idiot. We had an agreement that he would pay 150 a month since he also takes my son every other weekend too.(my son has known him to be dad since he was 1)   Back to the crazy gf of his... she was saying things like “You always give her money.... she is getting back so much in taxes!!!!! Why are u giving her anything??? She makes as much as I do.. She's not even spending it on what she says she is"" ... she was saying all of this to my ex is front of my kids.  Just an FYI I didn't get shit back for taxes..less than 2g... I am not able to have a full time job because I can't afford daycare. I have to take my kids to school and pick them up due to no school buses. I live at my grandmothers house and im a nurse... i don't drink I don't go out and i shop at the thrift store ..   My ex-husband has not given me any money at all since October of last year... he's been bouncing from job to job since then. I have let him slide on the payments.. He always has a new pair of shoes on and just sold his third car that he owns. I'm too nice. My son has told me everything that she has said (which I didn't even ask) and of course I am upset.   Oh? on a side note, my ex knocked her up 4 months ago.... but anyways . I called my ex and told him i don't appreciate that bitch (shouldn't of said that but I was mad) saying lies about me and starting drama and all he said was ""oh my god im not trying to talk about this ... "" and hung up on me... I called his gf she blocked me.  I hate fighting with people. I shut down and can't eat for days from anxiety until its resolved. I always fear the stupidest things... His family has a lot of money.. Will they take my kids? Stupid things I shouldn't even been worried about but yet it eats me alive...  I texted him saying I don't appreciate someone who has nothing to do with this get in between the civil relationship we have.. I told him how much I got back in taxes and that i don't have to lie about anything .   I'm so mad.. I could say so much to his stupid gf... my ex cheats on her every 4 months seems like. She just lets her son watch TV and doesn't teach him anything(autism) he's still in diapers and east baby food can't talk etc.. And he's 2. I don't know.. Back to the point.  I don't know what to do when I get like this... I'm sure I won't see any money at all know because she's the queen bee and its do as she says or else .. I have anxiety and I hate this  Fear of conflict maybe? Psychiatrist? I don't know... anyone else goes through this? I'm at a loss.   TLDR: My ex gives me anxiety because I can't control my neggetive fearful thinking."
"Need advice about my anxiety Right now I'm in my room escaping a party. And I feel like my phone (yoytube, netflix) helps me to not think about the mental suffering. Is this a bad thing? In other words: am I avoiding the problem?. I just cant bare it when im not on my phone, the mental suffering is too much"
What kind of bear dissolves in water? A polar bear.
"Why can’t I do anything right I feel like garbage. I made a joke and now someone is fricking ticked at me. I’m not mad at them but like grr I didn’t mean any harm I’m just joking. I’m not rude I’m just making a joke. Why can’t people just be understanding. I’m so tired of having to filter every single thing I say. I’m so tired of not being able to say stuff because someone will be mad at me. Why can’t I just say the right stuff. I make slightly darker jokes so sue me. Stuff like this is the reason I never say anything to anyone. People always ask me why I’m so quiet, but then when I say stuff they get annoyed and mad at me. I’m just trying to be nice and I don’t mean to be rude. I just want to sew my mouth shut because whatever I say is going to tick someone off. Once again I’m not mad at the person but I’m just mad at life. Sorry for the stupid post but I had to rant about this somewhere."
"How were people born? A child asked his father, ""How were people born?"" So his father said, ""Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on."" The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, ""We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now."" The child ran back to his father and said, ""You lied to me!"" His father replied, ""No, your mom was talking about her side of the family."""
Alcohol I'm sick of waking up feeling like death.  I'm sick of waking up regretting the way I acted the night before. I'm sick of always being the drunkest person at the party.   But I don't know how I will be able to socialize without it. I have ZERO confidence without alcohol. Please help what do I do?
"Need to know I’m not alone My(29F) husband (30M) told me last night he is moving out of the home we own together and wants a divorce. We have two little girls 3 and almost 1. Friday is my 30th birthday. I currently don’t have a job because I’m getting my real estate license. I have a very supportive family. But I feel so alone and so destroyed. We have been having problems for the last year, he had an affair that last about 5 months starting in December of 2016. But we have been going to counseling and going to therapy and I thought things were better. I feel so caught of guard. I love my husband, I love my family, this was not my plan, this isn’t how it should be. Why! Why 3 days before my birthday? How am I going to pay for our daughters birthday party’s on the 17th? I’m just so heartbroken. Sorry if this post is all over the place, I’m feeling very out of control and raw."
"Needing Advice on a Derogatory Account that showed up on my Credit. Good Afternoon,  This is a first for me and I would like to know the proper way to handle this situation to make the best out of it. I got an update from Capital One over the weekend stating that there was a change in my credit score (my score went up, yay) but also I noticed that I had derogatory account, I'm assuming it might be some medical bills from back when I was in college that I threw to the side and never paid (shame on me -_-) What would be the best way to go about this to get this off my credit.   Thank you for your time!"
"Why i want to find something physically wrong with me Hey all,  My story is quite long so i understand if people do not have the time to read it, the anxiety is ruthless today and i just felt like getting it out of my system by writing everything down somewhere.  It all started at my previous job almost three years ago when i came in on a monday morning without any care in the world. After all, i had a good job with an alright sallary considering that i did not have to do any additional studying beyond high school.  After walking up the staircase to my work place i sensed something was wrong in my chest, it almost felt like my heart was working over time even though i did not feel stressed or out of breath in any way. I ignored it and went to my desk to start working. Over the period of about half an hour my heart had gone from slightly faster to a crushing pain. I remember thinking that that was it, i was going to have a heart attack right here. My colleague noticed that something was wrong with me and helped me to the reception, where the receptionist called to a local health center which i walked to.  They did an ECG and found nothing wrong with me which troubled me because it felt so real. I went home and got to take that day off work. The next half-year that i spent at this company, i was troubled and had to take a lot of time off which they found suspicious since i could be fine one day and sick the next.  This got me really sad because i felt like i had no one to blame but myself.  I eventually went to see a doctor at my local health center and described everything i've been through and how sad i was about not even being able to work like ""a normal person"". His guess was that i was suffering from depression and he got me a time with the in house psychologist.  I went to weekly talks with this psychologist and things started feeling a bit better. I got to say things i normally don't say, i almost even cried in front of her. After a while I ran out of scheduled times with her and she didn't respond to any of my calls so i changed to another psychologist who worked just half an hour away from where i live.  Now this new psychologist, this guy knew exactly what he was doing. He asked all the right questions and i cried a lot. We did a lot of talking about my upbringing, parents divorce and just generally went through moments in my life that might have been the cause for me feeling depressed. I also got a subscription for zoloft which i took during half a year. Things started to feel better but i still felt a lump in my chest.  When i wasn't feeling as depressed any more i was ready to tackle my anxiety. This was when we started doing CBT instead and my god has it changed my outlook on anxiety, i learned how to control my panic attacks and how guide my thoughts.  I eventually failed at studying and started at a new job which i've had for almost a year now and the panic attacks and depression feels like it's almost completely gone.  However, the anxiety has started manifesting itself in another way now. Instead of getting panic attacks and feeling like i'm going to die, i just feel this dull pain in my shoulders, upper back and chest area, coupled with a shortness of breath. This pain is constant no matter what i do and it seems like it wont go away. I take hot baths, i do chest and upper body workouts but it still doesn't feel better.  I've been feeling like this constantly this entire week and i find my self googling my symptoms only to come up with the standard ""heart attack-results"" which i'm absolutely sure it's not but reading the results still make it worse.  While googling symptoms yesterday i realized why I want to find something physically wrong with me. It's because i feel like it would make everything so much easier to fix than having to go through therapy, medication and unhappiness all over again."
"I got married It was unconventional, I stood up in front of 100 people, I said words, I did a speech, I'm married.  So many people commented to my wife about how amazing I did.  Over the last year of prepping for this I've been through a lot of therapy and been doing a lot of meditation, I've avoided drugs as a choice but if others need their help then that's your own path.  If I can so it, so can you.  I was obviously still anxious but who isn't on their wedding day."
[Massachusetts] My nephew's mom just found out he is on the spectrum. He is 3yrs 8mos. I was an ABA therapist for around 5 years but have since moved out of state.  My nephew's mom has little resources and is in a pretty bad space right now.  I am trying to assist her from afar.  She is frustrated with the daycare provider who doesn't know how to deal with my nephew and often makes her come pick him up early or make him sit in the office for hours.  He is aggressive towards other children (pushing) and engages in self harm such as hair pulling and biting his own arm.  She will be trying to get him into public preschool next year and thus receive an IEP and school based services.  Most of the autism day providers in her area have a 6 month wait list.  Are there any rules that apply when it comes to private daycare centers and children with autism?
"Any Aussies with insight on the Christchurch mosque shooting? I've yet to find any significant reporting, other than the usual fear based pageantry of corporate news.  Lemme know whatchu got."
"Hyperthyroidism I just got told by the doctors that I have hyperthyroidism.  First off I’m not even sure what that really means and what’s going to happen to me  And second, I’m scared.   I don’t know if I’m just being too dramatic or something but I’ve only ever had mental problems, even tho those suck, I never really had a physical medical problem. Only like for broken fingers but those healed alone perfectly fine...   It does kind of explain a lot about my life recently bc I have a whole bunch of those symptoms. I just don’t know if I’m going to have to start medication or if it might end up needed surgery. There’s also no way to find out how long I’ve had it. I haven’t taken a blood test since a few years ago and the only I took this week was hell, and it came out to be worse than I thought. I thought, oh hey it’s gonna come back fine yk, nothing is wrong w me. Nope.   I’m worried and I’m panicking and I don’t know what to do"
What is the best deep breathing YouTube video I'm looking for a deep breathing video that I can follow everyday to condition my lungs just in case I get the virus once out of lockdown.
"Does anyone else suffer from constantly living in a life story you've created in your head? Hey long time lurker but I rarely post.   &amp;#x200B;  Does anyone else suffer from constantly living in a life story you've created in your head? Like imagining you're with someone you like all the time but they're really not there? I tend to do this over romantic partners I obsess with, sometimes ones I haven't spoken to in months even a year. I pretend like I'm still talking to them everyday in my head.    Is this some sort of coping mechanism in dealing with the crap that life is? It's debilitating me because sometimes I wish I could just stop and actually create a life of my own that's worth living instead of imagining one that doesn't exist. I also feel so lame and thought this was something I would grow out of once I was an adult  but I'm almost 23 and still do this. Is this just something people with BPD also struggle with? I don't know what other subreddit to post this to. Thanks."
Feeling drained. I just need to state here i feel drained and once i post this ill feel better. Thank you.
"Really needing some advice [TW for mentions of self harm/suicide] A quick preface is that I made sure to read the info and I'll be taking everything with a grain of salt and also reaching out to my physicatrist soon, but I'm not very comfortable with him so I wanted to see if anyone could help me sort of understand some semblance of what's wrong with me currently, and that all I know is that I have bipolar but I don't know what type and didn't even know there were types until the other day -- So since mid January I've been..I don't really know how to describe what it's been like. Definetly been up and down. I didn't end up creating this throwaway until I cut myself I dont even remember when, a few days ago or last week I dont know anymore. I just get so confused and disoriented whenever I try to figure out what's happening. I've just been crying and then being happy and then wanting to die and cutting myself and enjoying times with friends and sobbing because my friends hate me. Alot of crying and confusion I guess. It all started about maybe mid January ? I just remember not being able to speak up to my family (I'm 16) since it was my brothers birthday soon. Now it's my birthday in a few days. When I'm at my best, I'm drawing (all I ever do really) and watching but not listening to things. A sort of list of some stuff: crying constantly, eating constantly and feeling extremely hungry, sleeping at 9am until 6 pm, having trouble recalling events and feeling disoriented and confused alot, I was already paranoid before but it's been even heightened now, seeing larger things that aren't there than usual, feeling extremely insecure alllll the time and doubting and hating myself and feeling as if everyone I care about hates me and feeling guilty I'm like this, stopping doing everything I love (aka art) because I just can't bring myself to do anything but play cookie run and listen to videos, being tired all the time from crying and not sleeping, not being able to focus barely, thinking about wanting to die when it gets really bad, being extremely short and snappy  with my family because hearing them speak to me is irritating me so bad I get so unreasonably angry I,only moving to eat and having even more extreme memory issues (it's taken me a long time just to being it back into my head everything that's been going on). I just want it to stop and I want to feel bettrr I'm so tired and stressed. I started writing this feeling sharp but now I'm just so confused and I don't know what emotiona I'm feeling right now I just want to sleep or die"
HE WAS A VIRGIN AND ONCE HE GOT MY PUSSY HE STOPPED TALKING TO ME I want to FUCKING DIE WHYYY HE USED ME
"Hopeful Today, for the first time in a long time, I saw myself in the mirror and it didn’t make me sad. I still feel like I have work to do, but I didn’t hate it."
"“A relationship will come to you” I’ve had people tell me this before. “Just be patient.” But I have been patient and nothing has happened! I try to socialize with people and I’m generally likable as a friend but nobody ever asks me out. The only real relationship I’ve been in was all from my effort. I started calling him and talking to him on the phone, I’m the one who’d come to visit him to hang out, I’m the one who asked him out, I was the one who fought for the relationship, and I was the one who got dumped. It was the only time I ever felt not lonely. But now that I know what it’s like to not be lonely I’m lonelier than ever. I’d give anything I could to be in someone’s arms again. I pretty much know at this point if it’ll ever happen again I’ll have to make it happen, but I feel so broken I don’t even know if I can try anymore. I’m tired of hearing it’ll just happen."
"Nobody cares about meNobody sees how hard I am fighting, if they do they do not careI know that I do not belong hereI should not have been bornI should have died not my twin, they probably would have thrived and been well likedI'm ready to leave hereWhy does not death come easy? In life, even in dying, I am a failureI cannot do anything rightI am not someone anyone wantsFriends partners family I have noneMy father died when I was youngI want to go meet him I do not belong here"
"19 Patents on Coronavirus (SARS) on JUSTIA -- Cui bono? US7220852B1 -- ""Coronavirus isolated from humans""  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNXWu6FtC6I](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNXWu6FtC6I)"
"I am declining. And no one gives a fuck about me. No family, no friends, no partner. Nobody fucking understands. Everyone has at least someone they can go to. I do not. I stopped college. I stopped being a vegetarian after 6 years"
"I just don't know what to do anymore Preface: this is just a rant, I needed to get this off my chest. Long story short I grew up with unbearable anxiety, have tried every self help process/exercising/getting a job everything, but I think it's just my chemistry. I don't know what to do. I feel hopeless.   I've been dealing with anxiety for as long as I can possibly remember. Every since I was a little kid I remember there would be moments or times when I would enter situations where a ""switch"" would just flip, and I wouldn't be the same person I was a minute ago. I would fell taken over, as if I had lost control of my own mind body and everything. I'm sure this is a common experience for everyone. Throughout the years this has led to some severe social isolation, and I think that I'm finally at my breaking point.  I don't know exactly what my anxiety is. I've never seen a professional which I'm now making arrangements to do. I started experiencing OCD like symptoms as a child. I would get stuck in repetitive thought loops, trying to ""think something the right way"". It makes no sense I would think the same sentence over and over again, but it would feel like I never really ""thought it"". I grew up in a heavily religious family and these thoughts were related to religion typically, so I would be trying to think a pure thought because I just had a terrible intrusive thought. I think this deeply affected my decision making abilities because nowadays I have an extremely hard time determining what I think about something because of so many years of trying to ""think things right"".   I also experienced more physical symptoms like checking the lock on the door 40 times before going to sleep or adjusting the placement of something until I knew it was just right. The physical symptoms had a much lower impact on my life, but the internal thoughts gave me more trouble with each year. I remember having my first real panic attack in the year 2007. I was about 11 years old at the time. It was the most terrifying experience of my life. After this they became more and more frequent. The first week of high school I had four in a single week.  I remember this made me terrified of going to school, and thus terrified of being around people. I was scared in the middle of conversation I would have a panic attack and embarrass myself(because this actually happened). This spiraled into a very serious social anxiety condition. I was terrified of speaking to anyone new because of the way my mind might go.  Luckily, I had a few great friends who got me through those years. If it weren't for them I'm scared the kid I was might have just ended it. It wasn't until after high school that anything truly changed though. I had a psychedelic experience that equated to an 8 hour long panic attack worse than any I had ever experienced before. I don't want to go into details but I have never felt more fear in my life, though, something strange happened. I let go. I accepted the fear near the end of the trip. Suddenly, all my anxieties melted. I think this is the first time I had touched reality in so long.   After this I started living my way out of anxiety. I felt like I could feel for the first time in my life. I could make a decision and act upon it. The whole world looked different. This feeling lasted for a few weeks, but slowly my anxiety returned. Not in the same way though. I've been able to make progress the previous me could not have hoped for. I've gotten a job that requires me to be very social, enrolled in community college, got my GPA to a 3.7 when I was a straight D student in university, transferred to university for Computer Science (I used to be ABISMAL at any science or math course), started running and doing calisthenics, changed my entire diet, gained new friends, attend social events. I even got a girlfriend for awhile, but this is where things take a turn.  My girlfriend and I clicked very hard right away. It was amazing she was everything I could have wanted in a girlfriend. We practically shared a friend group. We always had fun, great sex life, but my anxiety started taking over. She wanted to take things slow because of current life situations and I was totally cool with that. I have a very heavy work load so I was more than fine with this. But I don't know it just started coming back, I didn't really become clingy or anything like I have in previous relationships but she broke up with me because her feelings weren't developing any further. She said the energy wasn't right. I was doing all the right things but something was missing and I think it was my true personality. Little things I logically knew were no big deal would act as triggers. I've really analyzed it over the past two months after this happened and I wasn't pushing the relationship along or anything, and I was making time for her going on fun dates, we had a few deep moments where we shared secrets like it was good. But at times I know I was noticeably different, I would be somewhere else, the switch would flip. I would no longer be able to be in a genuine fun conversation with her because I was hardly there. I've gotten incredibly good at listening and faking the conversation/feeling despite how I'm feeling but sometimes it just can't work..  This is the way it has been all my life with people. It's so hard for me to connect with anyone on a personal level because of this ""tuning out"" I do. I remember when it was at it's extreme in high school I was totally silent all day because I was so consumed by this nervous feeling, it was never outwardly shown, in fact I was so quiet half my grade didn't even know my name and the other half thought I was perpetually stoned because I was so out of it(I also came in with huge bags under my eyes due to spending half the night checking my door locks).  I've done everything I can think. I've fought all my personal insecurities (social rejection, body image issues, intellectual inadequacies), I've achieved goals I never thought I would have in a million years, I literally look like an entirely different person, I took a goddamn heroic dose of mushrooms, experienced trauma panic attacks for a full year after, read every self help and philosophy book I could get my hands on. I've given my whole life to fighting this, and I'm so goddamn lonely. I miss out on so many good moments because I simply can't be present. I can change everything in my entire life but I can't change this fucking switch in my brain, I can't change my goddamn neuro-chemistry. When I'm with people I care about I want to be present. I want to be able to hear what they're saying, feel and respond. I want to feel like I'm really with people and in the moment. But there's this shadow, this nervousness, this uncomfort, this dissocation I carry with me everywhere I go. I don't want my whole life to be lived in my head. Facing things was my only hope, and if that doesn't work I don't know what will.  I feel utterly hopeless. I've broken down crying everyday for the past five days. I just don't know what else to do anymore. I'm sorry for how disorganized and long this is. I'm never gonna give up on getting better. I just wanted someone to hear me. A sincere thank you to anyone who read all of this."
I'm nearly 2 months and I don't see the point In 3 days I will be 2 months sober and I just feel so terrible. At the moment all I want to do is drink. The scary thing for me now is that I don't see a downside to doing it.
"Whats the easiest way to kill myself? I'm looking for a straight response, I don't want any sappy 'we love you, please don't do it!'. I just want a actual answer. I don't handle pain very well so, preferably something quick and painless."
"I (27M) am lost with my relationship with my fiancé (24F) and don’t know what to do. Me and my fiancé got engaged on July 2017 and our plan was to get married in 2018. We had the best relationship ever. We traveled together, we cherish each other, we helped each other grow, we liked each other’s friends and everything else. At this point it was a 5 year relationship. We started having problems when it was time to decide how it would go down. She wanted to have a traditional catholic wedding and I was fine with it, as long I didn’t have to sign any church document. For I felt it was to far off my beliefs and would be lying to myself. I’m an atheist. Every time she would try to convince me and failed, we would drift more apart. A couple of months later I had the realization that I wasn’t giving my word to the church itself, but to her, in witness of something she believes in dearly. I also realized that I was being stubborn because I wanted to have at least one bit of a say on how things went down, and not give it all up to how she wanted. Big mistake. By that time she had already given up, moved back to her parents house and didn’t want to plan a wedding anymore. A few more months go by and kept using micro aggressions to get back at each other, until in July 2018 she asked to end the relationship. I was devastated.   I never thought of us being apart, even when I was feeling hurt the most. I love her with all my heart. I asked and she agreed to take 7 days apart and then have a final conversation. I was hurting, but I thought really hard about it all and wrote a letter explaining how I felt during all the arguing, what made me feel that way, where I’ve seen I went wrong, where I felt she wronged me, and how I was willing to break the pattern, really give her the attention and love she deserve, and to become a better man. I had this letter to her and we decided to give us another chance.   I read a lot of stuff on relationships, I went to therapy, I went back to the gym and started eating healthier. My plan was to work on my self and attend to her needs and wishes so that she would love me like she used to. I’m feeling very insecure, something I hadn’t experienced. I fear to lose her and this is making me crazy. My problem now is, I keep reading signs that I’m a priority in her life but I can’t say if it’s the anxiety or if the relationship is over. I acknowledge that I’m sad most of the time, I’m not being any fun when we’re hanging out around other people and that I’m being needy. But on the other hand, I don’t feel like she’s trying to rebuild the relationship. She doesn’t make plans for us, she doesn’t want to move back, she doesn’t want to talk about marriage and I feel like she rather spend time with anyone else but me.   In late October, I gave up the gym and the diet as the anxiety worsened. I watched a bunch of Tony Robbins and other relationship experts videos and I declared that I was going to work on myself again this new year that comes. But I’m still hurting, and I’m looking for answers wherever I can and I’d like to hear your opinions.   TLDR: I feel my girlfriend is drifting away and no matter what I do, I can’t feel loved and recognized by her. This has build into anxiety and I might be the problem."
"12 Year old son not hitting developmental milestones. Proud father of 3, however I am noticing some things in my youngest child and wanted some advice.  It was brought to my attention from my oldest son (23) that my youngest son (12) hasn’t really shown any signs of significant mental growth since the age of 7/8. He acts the exact same way and I think that’s odd. My 23 year old son was/is like the defacto baby sitter of the family. I asked him why he doesn’t play video games with his youngest brother (but with everyone else) and he says he just doesn’t understand... and here comes my concern... what so hard to understand about a LEGO game?  1) 12 year old son is also extremely indecisive. I give my children choices on certain nights, if I ask him what he wants to eat it’ll be about an hour before we can actually order, and at that point we usually order something he doesn’t want.  2) can’t hold a conversation. So many uh and ums, but he never gets his words out. And if you ask him something he never knows, “I don’t know”... Internally I’m pulling my hair out... What do you know?  3) plays with actual toys?   I just feel like I’m failing as a parent. At 12 my other children were so independent, they were able to communicate, direct, and decisive. Also argumentative... (but I liked that they were able to explain themselves).  I also enrolled him in a tutoring program for Saturday’s to help him with school, but idk... me and the co-parent ended up sending him to a special school, but it doesn’t seem like he’s learning anything... it’s just now he’s not compared to his standard peers, but in an IEP where there’s nothing to grade him against.  I know it may sound like I’m rushing him to grow up and I’m not... I just want to see my little boy grow."
"I’m making friends! I was unemployed for almost six months because the thought of looking for a job and all that process set my anxiety to high and I couldn’t even bring myself to see if I was interested in one, I’ve been in my new job for a week and I’m loving it.  I’ve been an anxious mess for as long as I can remember so it’s always been hard for me to make friends, on the first weeks of high school I was that weird kid who sat by herself everywhere, until my later best friend took pity on me and decided to follow me everywhere from then on. When I finished high school I had a very closed group of friends and I regretted not getting to know more people.  I did the same on my old job, all of my coworkers where close and I was the weirdo all by herself.  On this new job I decided to be more open and friendly to people from the start, on past occasions my anxiety got the best of me and stopped me from making the first step in making friends and later I felt like I couldn’t do it anymore because people already had a set perception of me. Not this time.  It’s been a week and I don’t feel left out, people come with me to the bus stop, if I’m walking or sitting by myself they come to make me company, they even leave a seat empty for me (I hope you know what I mean because I don’t know how else to explain it).  There’s also this girl, let’s call her Grace, she’s a great person for people like me, she tries to notice and include everyone and it’s really helpful to me since sometimes it’s hard to include myself into a group of people.  I haven’t felt this normal ever and I’m loving it."
"PTSD-related psychosis Hello, last year I was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a psychotic break following a new job and fears of a repeat of my traumatizing past. I spent about three months on a psych ward and stabalized under zyprexa. Right now I'm down to 2.5 mg of zyprexa daily and free from psychotic symptoms.  I'm trans and I lost my first job due to transitioning. I was heavily gaslit by my then-boss and was deeply traumatized by the events. Previously I have already dealt with rape, sexual assault, years of mobbing, violence and a difficult family history. Today, my therapist suggested that I might not have schizophrenia but rather PTSD-related psychosis. Is there anyone here that can relate? What does this mean for my prognosis?  Thank you for any and all input!"
"Chasing Peace As I laid dying I found a peace and self acceptance I'd never felt before or since. I'm not doing well in the least and I've spent almost every hour at home curled up on my couch sleeping or crying.  My eyes had fluttered open and I had concious thought from where I collapsed unconscious, my previous attempt. I could see out a window where sunlight streamed in and the shadow of a bird flew by. I couldn't move at all, I was too weak and gone. I was briefly confused but with the heaviness I felt and my paralysis I felt comforted. I accepted my death then. ""This is ok. I want this."" So I closed my eyes and passed out again. I had accepted my end and felt good with that.  Well I didn't die... I was found and nursed back by 2 people who are more than friends to me. My true family. Since then though I've hurt so so much. I've tried so very hard too trying out antidepressants and trying to better cope with the depression but when I'm at my lowest I crave that peace. That calmness and absence of pain that leaves me feeling just so heavy and empty of anything that hurts me.  I don't know how much longer I can make it and for that I'm sorry. I've really tried just so very hard."
"Angry anxiety? I never hear much about people having angry anxiety, most people think anxiety is just panic attacks but for me it’s anger attacks. When my anxiety starts up I get very irritable and agitated and snappy, I usually don’t get that panicky feeling, I just get angry. Does anyone else have anxiety like this?"
i think i’m getting a bit better. i didn’t cry last night( i’ve been crying for the past 30 something nights). i actually was a bit happy today.
"Can't tell if I'm going to have another episode In between my episodes I'm 100% normal, and I've been symptom free for about 2 years without meds. I'm a little worried because I've had a few hallucinations over the past few days, and I've been sleeping less.  I really don't want to slip into another episode. Last time, I lost lots of friends because I acted so withdrawn and suspicious, and I stopped bathing. What do you guys think my course of action should be? Am I starting another episode?"
I'm sick of sleeping by myself.  I'm just tired of being alone.
"What would happen if I killed myself? Planning to do it tonight using a belt on my doorknob, I tried it out and passed out within 5 seconds, didn’t secure the belt though. Just wondering what would happen to all my stuff? My university? My bank account? My social media?"
"I’m glad i smoked weed Now I’m really not saying weed cures everything but it really helped me to actually see my life in a different perspective and really think about myself and my flaws in ways I could never imagine I could. Some people it’s drugs that bring them back to reality others it’s other stuff. The human brain is really good at hiding your flaws and the reality from you but the one thing it can never hide from you is your feelings and those feelings come out the worst ways possible which leads to drowning more down the rabbit hole,   Similar to most of you going down this hole doesn’t just happen it takes time and before you know it you can’t get out and you find yourself loosing every hope of ever living like other people who seem to enjoy life. that’s when you accept the only way you can live is if you escape from reality and drown yourself into the fiction world but obviously you know and i know that world doesn’t exist and it can be bursted with just a word from someone and we’re all familiar what happens next.   I always used weed for fun around people who i called friends and tbh I don’t even feel bad that i lost so many of them because just like how i am right now everybody in this world except maybe your parents is looking for themselves and what benefits them and if they don’t see you adding any value to their life they will leave you and you should be like that too or you will forever be disappointed that’s the bitter truth you could say those are fake people but unless you’re really lucky to find that real friend which there isn’t many you will be dealing with those same people all your life and the best way to deal with them is to be exactly like them don’t do anything extra for them unless it’s mutual.   Around a year ago I dropped out of university to pursue different goals i had unfortunately that did not work and i fell into a deep depression where I questioned everything about me and developed so many insecurities and anxieties that did not stop because i found myself a really comfortable job where I wasn’t dealing with people and that drove me further as my connection to everything in this world dropped I began to isolate myself from people and decided the best way to deal with my problems was to ignore them . This led to a routine of sleep-work and i watched everyday go to waste, I wouldn’t have minded if i was just loosing my days but i was happy but of course we know that’s not possible because the human body  and mind have a lot of needs that have to be met in order to be happy unfortunately that is how we are programmed or else nobody would be living in urban areas we would all be in the wild alone chasing deers LOL   Luckily for me i always had a bit of believe that this period would go away but every time I would try to change it I didn’t have the courage and felt so different from every one else I would read all the self help books but never finish them because they never gave me the believe that nothing is wrong with me and that everybody is different that is self belief and nobody can teach you that you’ll have to find it out yourself fortunately for me it was weed especially some specific strains that let me really think deeply about myself and my problems and I finally understood other people who seem all happy and enjoying life are just like me and people like it’s just they accepted who they became and realized holding on to the person you use to be would and drowning on those good nostalgic memories is nothing but a waste of time and it just stops you from making amazing new memories in your current self   Sorry for the long post I just felt like sharing with all you amazing people something about me"
"Are there any good movies that will help me understand myself? I was diagnosed last week. I've been coping by reading this subreddit each night. I've found so much comfort knowing there are others like me because I always felt I had to lie to blend in. It's been such a relief to feel for the first time in  my life that I can be HONEST.   Last night I shared a song that I wrote where I explored, through music, exactly what is wrong with me. That song is what helped me realize that I needed to be honest with my psychologist for the first time. Lo and behold, BPD came out immediately. At first I was offended. I'm a Neuroscience major (obsessed with Schizophrenia; I feel a strange connection and understanding with them) and BPD was an illness I always ignored and never looked into. I think that's because I subconsciously gathered from hearing people's opinions on it in passing that it was a simple and monstrous disorder.   I tried to share that song with you. It took a lot out of me to be so honest and open and I wanted you to hear it because I know you would understand EXACTLY what my lyrics mean, where others respond to it with ""Nice voice but your lyrics don't make sense.""  The mods flagged it (I guess because it's self promotion?) and to be honest I felt quite dejected. I thought, ""Okay. I'm not even acceptable to people with my disorder.""  But I had to stop myself. That thought isn't reality. It's not healthy. So here I am reaching out again, terrified that I'm going to get flagged and deleted again but hoping that fear is irrational.   So, what movies would help me understand myself more? And more over, what are the steps you take after fully coming to terms with the fact that you're ill? My whole life I've comforted myself with, ""I'm a cute insane. Like Harley Quinn.""   Deciding to actually be an adult about it instead of running away from it is hard and I feel that even just the discovery that I'm BPD puts me at the edge of another episode.   This is very strange and I don't know if anyone here feels this way but I think this subreddit has turned into my FP... Does that make sense?"
"is a teacher aloud to do this??? Okay i’m just going to start here (i attend middle school) last week i was coming to my next class after being a teacher aid in gym class and this one girl is always there so early so i asked what class she comes from, i don’t think she heard me but my teacher pointed to the learning disabled class (ld which i will be to referring to) and said something about it the day went fast and tomorrow is where it all started i had to go to my school counselor multiple times because the teacher hurt the girls feeling i went 3 times and my friend went like 5 times all were just asked if the teacher said anything basically, this week my teacher has been really acting up and getting mad at lots of people in the class even calling another one of my friends a idiot and a moron well today the day before break at the end of his class he called me and my original friend to the back of the room and he told us to stop putting words in his mouth or he will do all he can to get me and my friend suspended or expelled and made several other threats the question i have is if i can really do anything about it i have already talked to my mom about it but that’s it"
"DAE have trouble sleeping during high restriction? And also acting fucking nuts. I’m like literally so out of character right now I’m aggressive, combative, tried to punch my boyfriend with my weak tiny Spongebob arms, I verbally attack everyone, and at this point I’m surprised I still have a fiancé. Idk if it’s the lack of sleep or the lack of food that’s making me a nutball."
"Is this normal among Self Harmer's? Hey everyone, I know it’s bad the topic but I need answers just had to visions or thoughts that are disturbing.   I have been clean for at least 6 months or so, I have these urges to self-harm again and again I just think it would help it’s kind of I know it’s wrong or bad but it helps it did during the time I was self-harming It took my mind of things.   Don’t get me wrong I am over my severe depression days, but I just feel as though I need a outlet, I am starting to try and be active again running ect. But I need something abit more, I am not good with the opposite sex so I can’t sex, I have barely any money so can’t drink or do drugs. I need something pleasurable to do or something like that.   The weird thoughts I’ve been having are quite graphic ones, It’s like sometimes if I want to self-harm but don’t I will watch videos of graphic surgery and just imagine what it would be like to have obtained that injury. Sometimes I’ll depressed up to a point I think of stabbing myself and I can imagine someone else doing it. Sometimes I can vision myself doing it it’s weird I’m doing it but not actually doing it.  It’s just weird to me I never use to think like this. The only good thing is I have more control over what I think, if I didn’t want to do it I wouldn’t I’d find a substitute but its why do I like the idea of burning myself? (Not badly just enough to get a kick out of myself I don’t mean torching myself.)  I was depressed yesterday for example I had my lighter that my brother gave me ages ago just a plastic crappy plastic one. I just sat their thinking about how cold and miserable today was and I out my arm 30 cm over the flame and felt it burn, but when I was staring into deep space I saw a person arm but it was horribly burnt not badly but like cigarette burns I snapped out of my daydreaming and tiny bit burned myself.   I know sometimes I can imagine myself cutting, and there's lots of blood thier and Im like not alarmed but I enjoy it its weird.   Has anyone else faced similar things like this?"
"Is this depression or just me? First off I want to say I haven’t been diagnosed w/ depression. I went to therapy a few years ago for self harm, it didn’t last long because I didn’t want it at the time (In my experience it is true that it only helps if you let it) and I wasn’t diagnosed w/ anything.   For months I have felt a building sense of apathy, I have absolutely no motivation. I am in the process of doing my A levels and have been predicted 3 A*s but this has really been effecting my grades. I haven’t achieved higher than a C in months. This is due to the fact that I spent most of college staring blankly out a window or down at the desk. At home I spend all my free time sitting in bed staring at the wall, or inanely staring at a computer screen that I have no interest in- I play videos on YouTube so I don’t have to sit in silence. I turn to food and masterbation for fleeting moments of joy but they just make me feel worse in the end. I occasionally go out with friends when I can’t avoid it, and I do enjoy it to begin with; however after an hour or two I get this overwhelming feeling of doom... it’s feels heavy and like the last few hours of fun never happened. I feel tired of life and I often catch myself thinking about how much easier it would be if it stopped. I would never act on these thoughts but it still scares me when my mind thinks about jumping in front of a train at the station. I haven’t cut for over a year but the temptation increasing...  Overall I just don’t feel like myself and I don’t know what to do"
"How do I get through this on my own? I don’t want my family’s help. My grandma has depression and is bipolar and they treat her like she’s a disease, so fuck them. My “friends” don’t want to listen to me, I can’t find anyone who does. My therapist does but she’s leaving in August.   I often think of killing myself just to show everyone how fucking hard this is. My parents say “just cheer up” like shit I never thought of that, great idea! Maybe if I kill myself they’d understand. They all would understand. And hopefully they’d feel like shit for not helping me. I’ve reached out for help, all I’ve been met with is apathy and ignoring."
"Fuck I’m so sick of waking up pissed off and alone every friken day. What’s the point, You know? I fucked my head up with too much crystal meth a year ago. Now im just going to school and working and i hate my life more than ever. Is it okay to rant on reddit? I’m new. Anyways fuck off I’m gonna rant anyways. I’m stoned so I don’t feel like ranting. I came off pretty strong their didn’t I? Am i insomniac or should I just go to bed? Haha been clean for a year and I’m still a fuckin crazy person. Oh yeah forgot to ask what’s the suicide hotline for? Do they just send cops to your house or what. What the hell does a dioxide hotline do?"
"I don't know what to do about to my birth family. I [M35] am adopted with 9 siblings in different homes.  My younger twin sisters [F33] got crazy and had affairs with each other's husbands with kids involved.  When people told me that's ""Jerry Springer"" like it made me want to never talk to my birth siblings again.  A couple years of fallout ensued and 1 twin posted a naked photo (covered up) on Facebook.  While my youngest birth sister is putting on heavy makeup attracting attention that makes me cringe.  I always thought I never cared for my birth family but they have the power to make me feel ashamed, so there must be real feelings somewhere for them.  I don't know what to do with a birth family though.  TL;DR Do I continue with apathy, abandon them because they are hard to watch or do something and if I do, what?"
"My 27th Birthday is in two weeks... I have been broken up with my ex for 4 months this hurts. She would make my day special. She was amazing. I never had that much love in my life. I remember wanting to cry from all the gestures she did for me on my day.  I think ill be crying pretty badly and missing her this year. I don’t have close friends either. Covid-19 actually makes it slightly easier. Im not expected to go out it can just be another sad day.  Usually, ill go out and drink at a bar or club and come home depressed.  I really need love... i really need someone sometimes."
I think I figured out why I’m depressed I’m an workaholic and over thinker .these two things are horrible because I tend to work hard then think I’m not working hard enough . And if I work less I feel shit for not being productive enough.  It’s gotten to the point where I can’t even relax and I don’t find enjoyment in doing nothing /chilling e.g catching up on tv in the long haul because I feel like I’m Wasting my life by consuming entertainment. On top of that I’m not a very social person.  But today I went back to work after having two weeks off from doing Nothing and realised .... The reason why I’m so miserable is because I’ve never truly lived my life.i have always worked in order to live - “live” that life that doesn’t even exists because I’m Always working or feeling shitty.  I’ve been trying to figure out a way to find my version of “ living”   Apart from the obvious join clubs etc does anyone have any advice that can make me feel like a living perosn again?  So far I’ve signed up for a dance class on Wednesdays and thinking about joining tinder/e harmony and taking it seriously .   Thanks everyone xxx
"4 Tips for Mindful Parenting Mindfulness is the ability to be aware of the present moment; which is free of labelling, judgement and thinking. If you have just come out of a top maternity hospital in Nashik, you may want to know how to be mindful parent. It has been observed that kids raised by mindful parents are less likely to be stressed and more likely to succeed in life. So how will you be mindful with your newborn? Here are a few tips for you.  **Be present when interacting with your baby**  When you are with your child, be unwaveringly and intensely present. Instead of thinking about what is happening at work right now or what to make for dinner, you need to focus on what is happening at the moment. You are taking care of your child, and that's what matters the most. This way, you can handle their mood swings without irritation. Most importantly, when your child annoys you, you will love him instead of being angry. This, in turn, will have a positive impact on your child.    **Respect your child's sovereignty**  As a mindful person, you should know the child does not belong to you. Yes, you read that right. The child simply came through you. Life will be his teacher, not you. Sure, you can chip in and avoid him from making mistakes, but maintaining a healthy distance is equally important. It should be enough to give him freedom, but at the same time, it should be close enough for the kid to know you love him. It is all about the balance!  **Listen and observe your kid**  It is apparent, you know a lot of things. But, if you heard and observed your kid, he might teach you something new. You may want to impart a significant amount of knowledge, but you should make time to listen to your kid.  **Unrealistic expectations**  Let's be clear. Unrealistic expectations hamper children mentally.  Every kid is different and has his own speed of learning things. So, if someone else's child is good at doing something, but yours isn't, you should not be upset. Maybe your kid is not meant to do that specific thing or activity at all. Perhaps he can excel in something entirely different. Just because your kid does not match the traditional skillset; it does not make him less worthy.  Parenting comes with great responsibility and happiness. This state can be carried out much better if you are conscious of what you are doing. No matter how old your child is, you can start mindful parenting at any point. In case you want to learn more about this topic, you can visit a [child care hospital in Nashik](https://www.sahyadrihospital.com/nashik/specialities/paediatrics-surgery). Remember, it is all about making the right choices and raising a generation that's responsible, and mindful."
"SA and sensory overload? Hi!  Never posted in here before. Glad to learn it's a sub. I wanted to ask if any of you struggle with sensory overload.  Just a quick background: I was *extremely* shy as a kid, to the point of hiding behind my mom when new people showed up. I remember once when my grandma was watching me, her brother and sister-in-law I'd never met who lived out of state came by and I hid in the corner of the room behind a table with a lamp on it, and my great aunt crouched down to introduce herself to me.  I think I probably have social anxiety to an extent. I want to please, I dislike conflict and I don't want to embarrass myself. But I've done a lot to live life anyway. I've moved to major cities on my own, been in jobs where I have to be in front of a crowd speaking every day. The issue is that I need time in between these ""public"" moments to decompress, and not all jobs allow for those moments. I also find myself probably more frazzled and exhausted than the usual person by these ""public"" moments, often because my nerves amp up in anticipation of them. Now that I'm getting older, I've started taking my blood pressure only to find that it gets pretty high when I'm out in public, even when I don't *feel* overtly stressed.  But the other feature of this is major sensory overload. When I get on a train, for instance, I feel like I'm experiencing a heightened version of everything. I'm hearing scraps of convo from people all around me. I'm feeling every little bump from the car. The lights feel brighter than they probaly are. If someone brushes against me, my body reacts rather than thinking nothing of it. That's exhausting, too. The reason I'm connecting this to social anxiety is because it only seems to happen when I'm out in public and there are relative strangers around. If I'm alone in my home, I don't have it. If I'm in an empty room with a couple friends, I don't have it. If I'm outside--alone or with friends--and there's no one else around I don't have it. But throw in a few (or a lot of) strangers, throw in a potential employer during a job interview, clients during a presentation, randos on public transport, etc, etc--my senses are heightened to Spidey-like capacities. The only difference is that I don't cope with it the way he does.  The result of this is that I feel like I spend an inordinate amount of time in my little hermit hideaway recharging. I get that that's something introverts do, but it feels worse than what an introvert would probably need. It also feels like work demands across the nation are increasing and I'm startin to run out of steam. There were multiple occasions where my most recent job had me going from 7am to 9:30pm and I just don't feel like I have the wherewithal for that. My health declined.  Have any of you found helpful ways of toning down the sensory overload so that you don't wear out? How did you rescue yourself when it really started to interfere with your life by leaving you too fatigued to do anything beyond the bare minimum?"
"Would like to own my own business I’ve been divorced for several years. My ex wife agreed to split time with our son 50/50 even though that is outside our decree’s text. Our mediator said we could agree and do whatever we wanted outside the decree but that one of us could always go back on it and ask for us to follow the document to the T. I say this for context because living in Texas, I pay her I believe 25% of my gross income per month which ends up being about 1,300. I work a full time job currently and I’ve still managed to save however, I would like to start my own company in the future. I read the courts only amend child support amounts for substantial changes and those changes can’t be “self-inflicted”.   My question is whether or not there are any guidelines for people like me that want to start a company (dramatically reducing my income, most likely to zero for the first year while I live off of savings).   In your experience or will the court see and understand this? Will I just have to save up the additional $15k I would have been paying in child support? Thanks for your feedback."
"Stood up for myself for the first time ever I’m at a board game club right now, and we were playing a game I’ve never played for the first time and I made a mistake. Someone made a comment implying I was stupid and instead of letting it happen I sat up straight and demanded he repeat himself. He went silent and I asked him again. He went into the corner and went on his phone in shame. I’m so happy cause I’ve never ever stood up for myself before, I don’t know exactly why I suddenly had the bravery to do it but I did! I’m still playing the game rn but I wanted to take some time to share this small victory here."
"I just hate myself, I cannot take it anymore, everything was supposed to be fine, but I just cannot, in my head, killing myself sounds so right, I cannot see myself living, I am so tempted to just end, I do not know, in my pint of view my life is just wrong and killing myself is the solution. If I work this out, will anything change? At this point I judt do not know anymore. I am sick of myself"
"What do you do when you’re overthinking? My anxiety has been extremely bad lately. Whenever I’m having a conversation with someone I feel like the person is judging me and I start overthinking which makes me so weird things like start looking around all over the place and then I start feeling so awkward about what to do with my hands, it’s a mess. I’ve also been having really bad panic attacks that make me slur my words and speak really shaky; I can’t control it at all. It makes my heart beat so fast and I start sweating. Does anyone else have this problem and what do you guys do to help with anxiety?"
"I fuck everything up. I wish I was better. I wish someone would understand me. Nobody really knows me. Nobody has ever known me. I hate me. Everything is wrong. 0/10, would not recommend. Always the same fucking cycle. Nothing is wrong with my life. I am what is wrong with my life. I wish I was different. I am so sad. fml."
"I’m lost in this world I am 3 days shy of becoming 15 y/o (M), I’ve had so much bad things happen to me in my childhood: I was ganged on by people with metal and stuff but I was faster and ran away; my friends betrayed me and ganged on me; almost no community likes me for who I am ( I am a slightly-fairly annoying person, but with jokes-not unintentionally), and more. The worst thing that happened to me is when I moved into my father’s house when i was 12, I was really happy with my mother as a single child and I never cared about things like money or things at that time because my mother always knows what to buy me but I wasn’t spoiled at all, and when I just hit puberty at my mom’s I did get depression for silly things because that’s how puberty works if I’m right. My mom currently resides in another faraway country with her new husband. Now my dad’s family consists of a step mom, two step-sisters and him, respectively. Suddenly having to live with sisters was astronomically insane for me, to top it all off my step mom is a fucking asshole, a complete moron and has zero common sense. Now this is the first time I’m gonna say this since I don’t like saying it, but I am very talented in maths and concepts and theories which makes me the best and physics, and since theories and concepts apply to other subjects I’m able to understand them much more than the average person, so basically my potential in learning is huge, which in turn makes me an academic smartass if you will. I always made silly mistakes in exams, and I kept trying to fix them by focusing more, etc, but I never improved (this will be part of my depression). My dream is to become an astrophysicist and atomic physicist, my idols were Newton and Einstein and I wanted to surpass them. So from what I previously said you can make out that I probably don’t have a good environment to work with. I need a lot of space, and my house has no privacy in it at all, I have a lot of responsibilities too (helping my sisters study, daily chores, and weekly ones).  So up until now nothing seems to lead anywhere, but here it will all make sense. So my first cause is depression is silly mistakes in exams and other areas, another is my laziness (because I have no good environment), now another is my intelligence: Tonight I had subtle thoughts about my exams and how hard I’ve been trying to focus more with no results, this lead me to thinking that my intelligence is good for nothing, useless since I can’t control it, useless because of my family, useless because of all the obstacles in my way aiming shotguns at my head. Another cause of depression has become money, because I’m depressed, I’ll want to buy more things, but I don’t have a big supply of money, which induces more depression. I am also clumsy and non confrontational. I like my current friends and I help them all with pure love intent, I always have good intent towards everyone who deserves it (almost everyone except my step mom). I’m was just crying all over the place about how useless and my intelligence am and how I will never achieve my dream at this rate, and how my life could’ve been much better without my step mom’s family, and about my shitty luck. I’m deeply depressed and am having immense murderous thoughts of my step mom, I just want a good environment and a normal family. All this is preventing me from doing anything, it makes me feel heavy and keeps creating bad thoughts and feelings. I’m sorry if this didn’t make much context but this was the best I could create at the time."
"I want to stop thinking of this or feeling like it is what I should do. Every day I get thoughts of how I can pull it off. At night I can't sleep because of crippling fear of the absolute void that will come after. I don't even know if I should post here, I'm not on the precipice I am scared that I constantly think about how to kill myself...."
"I am so tired of feeling stuck. Everyone in my life is moving on and is just so happy whenever I talk to them. New opportunities, people that adore them, etc. I just feel worthless. I am now depressed than I have ever been, I am lonely and I feel stuck. Nothing happens for me. I feel like nothing. everyone my age is doing better"
"How do you manage to maintain friendships with ADHD? It's such a struggle to simply go to work, keep the house clean, spend a little time with hobbies, get laundry done, cook a decent meal, and other adulting essentials.  How do all of you navigate coordinating with other people's schedules, taking the initiative to reach out, following through when you don't feel like it, actively listening/helping your friends, and maintaining somewhat frequent contact??  I can't seem to wrap my head around it. Have burnt so many bridges, canceled so many plans, turned my phone off to avoid getting calls, and truly been a bad friend at times because my own needs always took 100% of my focus.  Not to mention how difficult it is to make new friends as an adult. Thrown in ADHD and it's ridiculous how much effort it takes.  For those of you who do have friends/are good at making new friends, how do you manage it all?"
"Its probably going to take an attempt for everyone to understand.. I'm sick and tired of having to repeatedly reach out for help. Day in and day out I'm trying to save myself. No one takes me seriously. I come across happy but if you spent any alone time with me - you'd realize its not always like that. People just think I'm in a ""mood"". I'm tired. I'm exhausted. I just don't want to be here. I'm scared of killing myself but I'm tired of fighting to exist."
"Does anyone else use .22lr for self defense? My girlfriend and I shoot so much 22 that we often shoot it instinctive within 10 yards. I have a 10/22, Mark III, and plan on acquiring a 22 pump or lever gun along with a 22 revolver for CC. Coupled with CCI standard velocity ammo I have put thousands of rounds in my semi-automatics without a malfunction  Bc the 22lr is so easy to shoot with its prices and low recoil, we are more accurate with this round than we could be with any other. Also with the 22lr the risk of overpenetration is minimal and we have the ability to put as much rounds down range as possible.  The way I have us train is for self defense is we imagine a triangle centered at the throat, with the base along the center of the chest and the top of the triangle at the forehead. Like I said, we're pretty good shooting like this from within 10 yards without having to look down the sights.  Does anyone else train like this? I understand in a stressful situation coordination could go down a few notches, but that's why we train instinctive for such close targets. Are there any issues that come to mind with this line of thought?"
"Could external testosterone usage lead to issues for people with questionable sexual tastes? I'm just curious about this. Take testosterone which will obviously increase your libido and sex drive. Now if someone had a bit questionable sexual preferences in that they may not be quite legal, for instance someone might like girls a bit too young, not like disgustingly young but let's say 11/12 to 14/15 but not exclusively either so he likes adult women too sometimes.   Now if someone with such a preference started using external testosterone would this increase  also the intensity of his sexual attraction for these young girls and then his risk of acting on it especially if given the opportunity? Or would it rather increase his sexual drive in pursuing more mature women?   Should people with such questionable preferences then avoid it or is it really a non issue?"
"How to calm down before /during a date when you have problems with social anxiety? I'm going out with this attractive (actually intimidating) person in a few days, and I'm starting to worry more and more about my social anxiety as the days get closer. Any sort of advise would be greatly appreciated! I haven't been on a date in over a year, so it's kind of an abnormal setting to me anyway."
"I lowkey dislike being loved by people that i love !!  I [F19] freak out when someone says that they ”like me” or ”love me”, and I start hating myself and hate the person who confessed to me, and without noticing  I start ignoring them, or being cold toward them. even if I like them back!!   And I don't know why I do this!! It's just something I do and I hate it, how to make my self stop cuz I think I hurt them this way!"
Parts for older guns What is a good company who I can order parts from for older guns? Should I just look into manufacturer specific companies or is there a good all around company? New to the game of fixing up and don't know where to start.
"Does anyone else find depression a relief? I suffer mostly from anxiety and it’s pretty severe a lot of days even though I’m high functioning.  Today I’m suffering from depression, which comes less frequently for me but I had to just stop and think about how much of a relief it is to go from giving too much of a shit about everything to giving no shits at all about anything."
"I have reached a new level of depression (for myself).I have never thought about suicide on a consistent stream-of-thought basis all day, ever. it feels like I am the embodiment of self-hatred and death. i cannot get out of this loop.i have absolutely no relief. my head hurts. new level achieved"
"Contemplating selling/trading in my saiga 308, looking for advice I've hunted my whole life but know very little about these types of guns and I just cannot dial in any sort of optics on this this thing. I think the pickitinny adapter is moving because the round is big maybe. I've tried 3 different optics, two different adapters (one with 3 Alan screws and one quick release, can't remember the names).   I also heard the price of saigas has gone up a lot since I bought it for 600 like 10 years ago, is that true?"
"How could I (19F) tell my best friend (23F) she is making recovery hard for me? Hi Reddit. Throwaway account for... reasons. Let’s get into it:  I’ve struggled with an eating disorder (bulimia, and fasting for days at a time or until almost passing out) since I was 13. I was completely clean from age 16-18 and since my relapse at 18 I have struggled every couple months I would say with relapses, we recently as two weeks ago.   My best friend is one of the only people that knows about this, but I’m not sure that she fully understands how hard I still struggle with it. I don’t know if she is aware of my recent relapses or not.  Well, recently she has started a new diet and fitness kick. New year, ya know. She’s doing some things that in my opinion, are unhealthy. She’s really restricting what she eats in sort of an extreme way. And keeps talking about how hungry she is. The other day she said she was going to try just drinking juices and laughed. I told her not to joke about that, because I don’t think it’s funny. She said she wasn’t joking. I again just said “it’s not funny.” and we sat in silence for awhile. It was awkward, and when we got home she said she was sorry if she made me uncomfortable by something she did, but I don’t think she understood what it was.  Watching her do this, and hearing her constantly talking about her diet or how she can or can’t eat this and that, how hungry she is, how much she misses real food, etc... is making me want to relapse so bad. If you’re unaware with eating disorders that may sound crazy, but it’s an addiction like anything else. The urge to join her (dieting is not something that can be safely done with an ED, at least not when you’re still actively engaging in the disorder) is there, but it also makes the urge to purge unbearable. I’ve already fasted once this week and I don’t want to blame it on anyone else but I have to say it influences me.  I’ve also becomes terrified of the thought she’s going to get super thin and be way more attractive than me and it makes me want to purge. This is something she’s talking about every single day, and I have to witness her restrict her meals as well.   I don’t know what to do. I hate confrontation. If this is just something I need to get over on my own or if I should talk to her. It also worries me, the things she is doing, but I don’t know if I should bring that up or not since it may just be a short lived NY resolution. I know I can’t expect people to accommodate me or always be sensitive to my disorder, the constant discussion about weight and food is just making it so hard and hurting me so much.   Thank you all.  TL;DR: I’ve struggled with an eating disorder for 6 years and my best friend is doing extreme dieting and it’s making me want to relapse, and I don’t know if I should talk to her or just get over it myself. I also don’t know how to tell her"
total relapse and i could use some support throwaway because i'm paranoid af. i just need some support. i was doing super SUPER well (like living like a normal person) but i've completely relapsed and now i'm trapped in this stupid pit of depression  this will get downvoted to hell because it always happens with me. last time i posted here in a crisis it happene.d i would be better off cutti g more  it's hard to really go into it all but i can barely go to uni or work. i can barely get up. i can't sleep all night and that makes it worse and makes me even more paranoid and depressed. on top of that i just feel so alone. i don;t hve a FP because my real FP killed herself  a while back and my ex was too bausive so i had to cut him off. but i miss him so much now and i can;t stand being alone.  i just feel so heavy and empty. i cant stand this. my pyschologist cant see me til mid next month....i don't know how ill survive
I start my first job soon and I’m scared to death! I need some advice on how to deal with my anxiety while working. I’ll be a waiter at a restaurant that gets plenty of people eating there. I’m also scared about meeting my new co workers and that I might mess everything up somehow.
"Feeling defeated I've just been put into a situation where someone made me feel special. Made me feel like I'm not a weird. Support the things I'm interested in. Overall just made me feel happy... Only to randomly drop me. I don't know how I should feel tbh. Idk whether I want to just say ""oh well"", get mad/upset, or just flat out cry. This has happened multiple times, but idk why it hurts so much every time. I'm guess it's just me that always runs things. I'm just starting to feel like building friendships/relationships are pointless when they can just be abandoned so easily."
"What is life even worth? I'm just so confused, tired, and upset. It seems whatever I end up doing ends up not working or sends me back to square one after some sort of time and it doesn't really matter what it is, it always gets built up to get torn right back down. Friends, hobbies, college to name 3. My group of friends abandoned me and I don't know if they even liked me to begin with or if they just got to know me and realized I wasn't the type of guy they wanted to hang with. My hobby was taken from me right before the biggest week for that hobby due to something going terribly wrong. I had my hopes up that maybe that would be the one time I felt something in this life that wasn't despair or hopefulness. I'm stuck at the end of the road really for what I want to do in life, college doesn't seem to be making me any closer to my goal and I've changed my major at least 3 times in 3 years. I can't stop spinning my wheels it seems. At the end of the day I lay down and dream about just finishing my life in jail or in a car crash or wherever else that has me amounting to nothing.   I can't find any value in what I'm doing. I really really need help. What the hell do I keep pushing forwards for once my parents are gone? Once they're gone, I don't think I'll have a reason to try."
"Drain Emergency savings to complete high interest portion of student loans? So, I have a portion of my student loans that is at 6.5% interest, while the rest is between 3.25% and 4%. I owe around $4,400  on the high interest portion. I have around $5000 in my emergency savings fund, as well as around $5000 in a savings account dedicated to a down payment on a future home.  Would it be worth it to drain my emergency savings account to pay off my student loans? I make around $1300 per week after taxes, so I would theoretically be able to fill the emergency savings account back within a few months. I also have a few savings bonds stashed away from a passed-away relative, worth around $6000. My job is very stable, no one has ever been laid off, and there is zero chance of me losing my job within the next few years.  As far as total expenses, I don’t pay very much:  $1000 rent monthly ~$400 utilities monthly (water, internet, elec) $300 car payment monthly, paid ahead for over a year. $350 student loans monthly, paid ahead over a year $600 car insurance bi-annual (due 2/1) $1400 in credit card debt (no interest, statement date is 1/16. Paying $400 per week until it’s gone) $105 weekly to IRA  Would you pay the student loans off since the interest is over 5%?"
Feeling alone Hey I'm not the type of person to usually vent or talk.. usually I hold it in a lot then explode on the people I love. It's been ruining my relationship with my wife. I love her to death and shes just annoyed of me doesnt look at me basically despises me.. I've felt so alone didnt know what to do.. well I fucked up even more. I started talking to someone I use to said some things and even said i shouldnt of said that I'm sorry. Well she told my wife and boom here I am now in a worse position. I know I fucked up I dont wanna be told that anymore. I just really need someone to talk to because Idk how much longer I can honestly hold on. The only thing that keeps me hanging on is our beautiful 4 month daughter. Shes my world.. sorry for the long post everyone just needed to get this out
"[Custody] Question about Amazon Echo I have joint custody of 2 children with my ex-wife who lives in another state and never visits her kids. She gets unhappy when she can't call the kids so purchased them an Amazon Echo for Christmas and she wants me to set it up in the room they share. I don't like smart home devices and find them all a little creepy. Am I legally required to set them up?   For what it's worth, she can (and sometimes does) reach the children on their cell phones, their email, their chat programs (of which they're active on three), and via my phone. I've never restricted her access to the children."
Just done with life!! I've struggled with depression almost my whole life. I have no one that cares about me!!! I have never had any friends &amp; never seem to be able to make friends!! The loneliness is driving me to suicide. I upset everyone around me constantly. Everyone would be better off without me anyway. I'm probably gonna take some pills tomorrow &amp; die so I won't have to suffer anymore.
24 hours into 2019 and nothing's changed I'll be pretty surprised if I make it to 2020
"How to fix? Been riding my husband's credit rating, I have none. Been riding my husband's credit rating, I have none. Everything is in his name, even if I paid for or chipped in. Now I have no credit rating. How do I go on to fix this? I would appreciate any helpful suggestions."
even can't talk to my parents I really don't know how I should act when I speak. When I speak with someone I feel so uncomfortable when I look at their eyes more than 1 second. I can't start conversation and hold it. Even when someone tries to talk me I just overthink kinda feel that they think I am so weird and don't know how to reply
"Can being depressed turn you into a psychopath? As a kid I was extremely empathetic toward others, but years of depression has muted it to the point where I barely feel human anymore. There's this fog separating me from the rest of the world. None of my emotions feel real. I'm constantly wrapped up in my own thoughts, and I can barely muster interest in other people anymore. I know this isn't normal, and I constantly feel guilty about it.  I still love my family and friends very much, but I have literally no desire to be around them anymore.    Can depression suppress your empathy and make you so self-involved that you become psychopathic?"
"anyone relate? self loathing and apathy are going to kill me. I’ve hated myself for years, I’ve cried every. single.day.for 5 years. and the past few months i’ve developed strong apathy towards everything. The only emotion i feel strongly anymore is sadness, aside from that i’m constantly empty and dissociated. idk how much more i can take. what is the point if i hate myself to the core and everything around me is fleeting; like it’s gray and shallow, not really there, days seamlessly blend into eachother and i forget them immediately. i feel like my life is nothing more than an hourglass, and i’m waiting for it to finish."
Unsure Not sure if its really anxiety or I'm just a mean person. I always expect things even simple things to go a certain way and they never do. I also have been stuck at home for a bit in between jobs and its winter and i loathe winter. I am so sick of snow days and need my kids to be at school so i can lay on bed all day and be depressed because everytime i try doing anything productive it makes me wanna lay in bed and say eff this. I also am suffering from insomnia. All i wanna do is sleep a normal time frame. From 9 a.m. to 6 a.m. but nope I'm wide awake and analyze every single thing all the time. I have an ex husband that makes me wish he would sign off custody because they constantly tell me negative things about him. Plus i feel like no matter what I'm not doing things good enough. Doesn't matter if its brushing my teeth or doing something a boss tells me to do. I feel like I'm failing my husband and he always says I'm an awesome wife but i feel like he just says that because he is supposed to do that. I'm also 3 months post op of bunion surgery. I had complications which set me back 2 months in my healing and I'm trying to still walk normally. I have a lot going on and i used to have a best friend i would talk to and he died a couple years ago. My heart still hurts over that one. I just want to have better days with less stress and anxiety. I'm not any any anxiety meds because i do not want to become addicted. Depression meds make me a zombie and i only feel depressed when my anxiety is out of control. I don't even know what this post is really about.
"I was teased about my penis size almost every day of elementary school. I got called names like teeny weenie, micro dong, and pickled pecker.      If it weren’t for that, being home-schooled wouldn’t have been so bad."
"How do I distinguish laziness from ADHD? I've been reading a lot about ADHD and I'm checking a lot boxes, but how would I distinguish ADHD symptoms from plain old laziness(of course not implying ADHD is laziness)? Like where is the line drawn with focus and procrastinating when it comes to being a lazy person vs a manifestation of ADHD?"
"I accidentally discovered meditation today. So I've been dealing with a lot of personal demons lately, and have been trying to find a way to get back to the roots of who I am was a person. I'm a midwestern guy and the thought of meditation never really crossed my mind as a way of finding the peace I was looking for. Honestly if anybody would've mentioned it to me I most certainly would have blown it off.. until last late last night at least.    So a few weeks ago a guy I worked with mentioned to me about his trips on peyote ( I hope mentioning this does not get me banned because its key to this story.) So I thought that maybe this could be my way of soul searching so I gave it a try. The first couple of times it didnt exactly give me what I wanted but last night while doing I tried to ease this trip by laying down and just not thinking.  It worked! I had ocean sounds playing through my headphones and it took a few minutes to let go of my active thoughts, but I did. My mind was blank and wandering and I was in a happy place. It was amazing it was like I was on vacation on my couch. When I snapped back into reality my body felt like it had been limp. I felt so rested even though it couldn't have been more than 10 minutes. I quickly realized what I had just done. I meditated! I felt great and it wasnt because of a drug or because I had come to some great realization in my life, I simply meditated.   So now what I'm looking for in life is to be able to continue to do this, and to experience this euphoria and have this peace on a regular basis. Without drugs, but with meditation instead. Any advice for me going forward? Ideas for helping me let my mind go, good tips or tricks for a good session. I've never looked into this before so any advice would be greatly appreciated."
Are you guys medicated for anxiety? If so what are you taking? I was on lexapro for about 5 months for anxiety and while it helped my anxiety it made me completely unmotivated to do anything. Couldn’t even get out of bed some days. I have just weened off of that and starting the process with my doctor to find something else... but I would love to hear what you all take for anxiety and if it works for you.
"I hate reality and wish I could live a life similar to that in my head. As a beginning to this post, I have maladaptive daydreaming. I “live” in a fantasy all day, everyday; especially as of late due to isolation and everything.   I’ve had feelings of wanting to escape this reality for many years, but I don’t know how to cope with the depression that comes when I get pulled back to the “real world” when I get deeply absorbed in my daydreams.   I just really want to leave this life behind. I want to live a fantastic life. In my head, I have loyal friends, a husband, children, a lot of money... and happiness.  Everything in my head takes place during an apocalypse of sorts. I’m sure a lot of people are saying “why would you want an apocalypse?”... because it forces people to get past their petty bullshit and work together. It forces us to rely on each other. None of this petty, superficial bullshit people cause today.  Not only that, the economy would go to shit and people would be left scavenging. Most people would just scavenge for food and supplies... not me. I’d hit up all those stores I can’t afford to shop at and take everything I wanted. What’s better than free shit, am I right?  Anyway, in my head, I’m beautiful, more fit, intelligent, charismatic, talented... everything I truly wish I could be in this reality. I’m important to the characters in my fantasy. I rely on them, and they rely on me too. We have a large house in the woods by a creek and lake, away from all the chaos. Not much in the way of internet or anything. No celebrity news. No news or drama. Just... family, friends and nature. Apart from the occasional infected person or “creature” that needs an ass kicking ;D  my husband in my head is a doctor, chemist and physicist. His name is Edward. He’s obviously very smart, he’s fiercely honest, independent, loyal and genuinely caring. He’d go out of his way to help me with almost anything, but also isn’t afraid to make me do shit myself. He’s a man who knows how to get respect and keep it. He’s a little aloof, especially when it comes to emotions, but he does his best to show me how much he cares about me.   In this reality, I don’t even need the apocalypse. I just want to find a husband like in my head. I want a family. I want a house or something away from everyone and everything. I want to be smart, talented and respected. I want freedom.  I hate being a fat blob stuck living in my (overbearing) parents house, and even though I’ve seriously attempted to better my life and break free from them... I never fucking works (but that’s a story for another day).  I’m still trying, I don’t plan on giving up finding a partner like Edward, and I definitely don’t plan on giving up finding my dream home in the middle of perfect nowhere.  But just the depression I feel because I don’t have these things right now, and there’s a chance I will never have them. It kills me. It makes me not want to go on living some days. It... I don’t know.   How can I cope with this? Does anyone else feel this way?  I don’t expect to get many replies to this post since it’s kinda weird and confusing and discombobulated, but I figured I’d try anyway.  I just can’t stand the monotony, the mediocrity, and the dullness that makes up reality."
"How to identify pedophile and tools to get some evidence I used wrong wording and maybe that is why I was marked as troll. Here is copy pasted msg from my inbox that I sent to one pedo hunter. Need some things like ""common signs of pedo"" and ""tools to use to gather evidence"" I do not care how much I will break his privacy.   Hello, I became obsessed with pedos so much. So much it made me not to want kids and also my worldview is dark af now.  I read about you and catching pedophiles.  My question is.. Is there any way how to spot a pedo?  Because I have a coworker who..  Constantly lies about everything. Spicing up stories and shit. One Day He tells you ""800$"" next day he says ""250$""  That means he is probably mentaly ill since he doesn't smoke weed (forgetting) and is kinda young (30+-)  And now the worse thing. Some girls come here for part time job. Small, almost no tits and flat ass. These are types he love. Once or twice a week He makes sure I know about it.  Story time what He told me  ""Now that my son is doing karate, I have finally more time for just chilling. Me, wife and my friend from school and his daughter, epic summer near lake! Man, I am now that sweet uncle *laughs*. We were having fun and since I am that kind uncle, the daughter asked me to throw her into water. So I grabbed her and I saw that fine ass. *pause* She is 15 and I was thinking about everything I missed when I was younger. I threw her there and we all laughed... ""  OK fine, he has friend from school with daughter. If that friend is same age, that means the daughter was born when he was 15+-  But he is a liar and it can be just lie about how that friend is from school.  But today.. We were talking about our ""close calls"" while we were young and naive. And another coworker said ""man I bet you were working with him"" (talking about pedo priest from his town)  He laughed and said ""yeah, that's why I watch loli porn and 18year olds. Small tits, nice ass, I love it.""  All that while laughing. And I remember video of one person meeting his childhood predator at supermarket. He (pedo) also laughed like idiot not even realizing shit.  I am writing you because I am stuck for 2 years. I have this obsession and I can't stop. Now it is getting so close but I need evidences.  I need help from you. How to check on him. What to do. What signs should I watch for.  Also his wife is small, no tits, flat ass AND was sexually abused by father when she was young. And He just said.. ""we are going to visit her dad, she doesn't like him but I am okay with him.""  So many things that fit and I can't belive it. I do not fucking want to.. I need Hard evidence.. Either it will destroy me or finally puts an end into this."
"i cold turkeyed my welbutrin Been on it since middle of November at 300mg.. Ive been just as up and down on it, perhaps worse, I'm not sure. I had my last 300mg Wednesday afternoon. I'm managing okay so I figure I'll be fine. Kinda sucks this was a med I used a few years ago to good effect.. I didn't even feel the same sides this time around, nor did it have the same impact, if any at all. So now I guess I'm back to pretending I can do it all by myself without any assistance."
"Got angry when drinking A little while ago I got invited to my first college party by like my only friend/acquaintance here. The thing is, I am one of those people who has a lot of pent up rage and no one sees it because I’m so quiet, and when I drink it can come out. It honestly only started like last year, I think when it really hit me that I was really excluded socially. So eventually I just started ranting to him about how I hated being called quiet (which happened that night of course) and something that happened earlier that day that upset me and some other shit I shouldn’t get into with anyone unless I know them well. I feel like I fucked things up by being so angry at a place where you should be having a good time. I haven’t really heard from him since but we don’t hang out really, he is just in a club I am in. Honestly he probably doesn’t remember it (hopefully) but I’m still kinda worried"
"This morning I randomly started crying on my way to work. Last night I went out with a friend of mine, (18y/o) she’s moving to New York to pursue her career and I’m 24 struggling to get my degree still.   I feel like everyone around me is doing better than I am and that my youth is leaving me behind.   I don’t know how to stop this feeling, I wish I had as many aspirations as my peers. I don’t have it, I don’t think I ever did."
"What does the statement "" There is no 'I' "" or ""You don't actually exist"" really mean? I hear this alot and it confuses me. Wondering if anyone else ponders the same"
"Concerta causing hallucinations? Was just wondering if anybody had experience with this. We're trialing Concerta for my 8 year old son as a replacement for Vyvanse. The Vyvanse worked well for him, but killed his appetite, and he's already naturally skinny so we've all been concerned about his weight loss. This was his second day on Concerta and his teacher sent home a note saying he was very lethargic and complaining about loud voices in his head telling him what to do, that he'd never heard before. This is very distressing to me because I've never heard him talk about voices either, and videochatting with him today (his Dad and I are divorced) he seemed extremely ""zombified"", not at all the same kid. We have no family history of schizophrenia/psychosis. Any thoughts?"
"Every time I see something scary So usually ill browse Reddit, twitter, Instagram and YouTube but sometimes ill stumble upon something scary or disturbing, these things can be real or fake but ill still go into a spiral of worry about it, an example would be i see a thumbnail for a scary story on YouTube then my temperature increases so it feels like i have a fever, ill start sweating, ill lose my appetite, ill feel sick and i wont be able to sleep that night  I'd appreciate any advice to deal with these problems as they have been occurring for years now and im sick of whole days being wasted and cancelled when I see something scary"
"Am I bipolar? I didn’t even know it, but I was on a high for the past week and a half or so. Not like a normal high, but like one of those scary highs you see sociopaths with in the movies. The unstable kind. I felt so unbelievably happy, but I was letting everything fall apart around me. Now I’m significantly less high, and stuck with the broken pieces. I’m used to feeling low and apathetic, which is how I’m feeling now, but I can’t help but wonder how wonderfully terrible the past week or so was. It’s been going on for months now, but I just now caught onto the cycle.  The high means I stop doing all my important stuff (school) and focus on things that I like but are of far less importance. For example, I pulled an all nighter planning a YouTube video (I don’t even have a channel). I let everything fall apart and smile in the ruins.  My normal depressed self is when I begrudgingly do all my work with the weight of suicidal thoughts hovering above me. I’ve tried so hard to get better, but I think those highs make it worse since they leave me with more prices than I can handle.  Am I bipolar or just overthinking this? I’m just so confused and I want to stop making myself fall"
"Thoughts on paper Hey folks. I have been having a bit of a rough time lately. I can't seem to fit in with the rest of the students on the university I started going to this september, lost contact with most of my high school friends and I've heard that a close friend of mine from way back has been hating and harming herself for years now. This was all a little too much for me so my depression floored it. I feel like my life is just so lonely and meaningless, my already fragile social life is falling apart and I honestly have no clue about my present and future. But I'm feeling better now because of the help of a green friend and I've bolstered my will to keep going. There's so much more to see. Anyway, if anyone wants to vent or talk, feel free to do so. Stay strong :)"
"Planning your day is more important now than it's ever been. Make sure you're looking after your mental health by creating a mindful daily routine including meditation, exercise and social contact. [Listen On Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/importance-daily-routine-for-your-mental-health-body/id1493806566?i=1000469146129)  [Listen On Google Podcasts](https://www.google.com/podcasts?feed=aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy8xMjNkZThlMC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)  [Listen On Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/show/1ozwIEgzEtHQezPoi83nVV)  [Other ways to listen](https://anchor.fm/shaun-donaghy/episodes/The-importance-of-a-daily-routine-for-your-mental-health---with-body-awareness-guided-meditation-ebpg9l)"
"My heart beats faster, start sweating and stomach drops when I get anxious is this a panic Attack? I don't *look* like I'm having a panic attack, I don't speak much or do anything when this happens (like cry or something)"
I wrote some lyrics on meditation. Is there anything you would change? Wake up Remember love And know love is life  Sit back Let it go I never had control  Be still Through the waves As they come and go  Deep breath It takes me By the way who am I?  All that is felt All which is understood Happening now All at once  Slow down Don’t try so hard No need to make a plan  Come home Be with God Heaven is outside the mind  Stay here It is now Now will never end  Stay here It is now Now will never end  All that is felt All which is understood Happening now All at once  Wake up Remember love And know love is life  Come home Let go Come home Let go Come home
"Lost My Job/Getting Help Hey everybody, I just wanted to dump this in the maw of the internet. I lost my job today.    It's my second job this year and probably my 30th or so job total depending on if you count a few one days I did and some seasonal work.  I know the signs of getting fired a mile away, when my boss said he wanted to talk my heart fell out.  This wasn't an amazing job, but it was one I liked and felt I could be good at.  They said I wasn't serious and wasn't learning quick enough and the job has some rather dangerous elements so they were going to let me go.  This has happened to me so many times over and over in my life.  I've never been diagnosed with ADD or ADHD but my school was pretty convinced that I did.  My parents essentially told them I didn't and I understand they didn't want to medicate their kid who was doing fine other than a few problems with grades and energy.  I don't want something to blame, I don't want a reason to feel sorry for myself, I don't want an ""excuse"" for being like this.  I just want to be able to hold down a job.  My brain just keeps on drifting.  I fall one sentience behind and I just can't catch back up.  I find fascinating problems with test questions to get the wrong answer. Things like having to pee or being a little hungry become all i can think about.  I need to stand up and move all the time, if I don't have something to mess with like a pen or some sunglasses I'll start snapping my fingers or tapping my toes or singing just to have something to do. Despite all of this, i've got a degree, savings, a car, friends, hobbies, ect.  But I just can't hold down a job.  I made an appointment to see a psychologist later this week.  I kind of despise psychologists, but this blow has been hard enough that I know I need some kind of professional help.  It's hard to admit you have a problem, especially when the problem seems like it's all your fault."
"I fucked up and got denied for Discover It. Advice? I applied for two credit cards from two different banks at the same time thinking that they would pull from different credit bureaus (I researched and asked around beforehand which one they're most likely to pull from), but they ended up pulling from the same one (Experian) and it resulted in me getting denied for the Discover It. I got approved for the other. The thing is, I already had a pull from Experian recently, so I can see why the 2 recents would look bad to Discover.   My question is, do I have any grounds to ask for reconsideration? And if so, what should my argument be?   Salary $62400, I have a savings and checking w/ them. They're been sending me Pre-Qualified offer for as long as I can remember. Discover's Experian Pull: 767, Key Factors in decision:  * Length of time accounts have been established (3yrs+) * Lack of recent installment loan information (I just got an auto loan this weekend but I guess it hasn't been reported yet) * Too many inquiries in last 12 months (in the last 12 months I have 3 total including this one) * Length of time revolving accounts have been established (again 3yrs+, average age 1yr 10mons)"
"Why do I want to binge the SECOND I hit a new lw??? Like my weight has been fluctuating like crazy this week (thx hormones!!) and it finally whooshed today and I’m like BLESS but at the same time I’m like EAT EVERYTHING which will ruin my progress bc I know everyone says water weight goes away but it doesn’t if you binge every time it does!!! Why am I like this!!!   Also I’m going to dinner at an acquaintance’s house tn and I’m so anxious bc I have no idea what food they will have and so I can’t even ballpark plan my calories and I think if my scale goes up again tomorrow I’ll have a mental breakdown 🙃  This is fine, everything is fine"
"Slightly dizzy on week 4 on Sertraline 50mg I just passed week four on 50mg and I noticed sometimes I get dizzy, especially when standing up. I read it might be caused by low blood pressure and some advise to stop the medication, but I can't contact my GP until January 2nd. It's not very bad, has this happened to anybody before and went away on its own? Would eating more salt help it?  Another issue I asked on another page was if the fatigue goes away as I am struggling with that also, but I think it gets better and it might be tied to the dizziness.  Thanks and Happy New Year everybody!"
"the justice system the justice system in the US quite frankly terrifies me. i often sit and wonder just how many men and women are innocently sitting behind bars, what impact does that have on their mental health?   it is not a justice system that has ability or desire to rehabilitate others - it is simply a way of throwing away the ‘dirt’ of society and in some cases i completely agree with this but the type of crimes that people are wasting their only chance at life behind bars.   it terrifies me."
"DAE Find it easier to pretend to be normal? Like it's become so natural that expressing sadness is actually difficult? Pretending to be normal still hurts a lot though. It's just it's easier. Actually the better word is more convenient. Maybe it has to do with my maladaptive daydreaming, so it's easy for me just to snap out of a painful situation and forget for a short while. Additionally, does anyone else immediately break down and cry when you say anything more than ""I'm unhappy?"" (Basically, cry right away when having to talk about feelings lol)"
"My current situation Hello there, lately I feel like almost all of my friends, in real life and online, don't really care for me anymore- I am not a very social person and don't have tons of friends, and the few I have don't seem to be interested in me anymore. They don't have time to talk or do anything, whenever I write them on Whatsapp or snapchat I get no response or just a very short one. I am online most of the time, pretty  much all day because I don't know what to do outside. I am sad about my situation, but when I try to change it, it doesn't work.  Is anyone in a similar situation or does anyone have advice?"
"i know i want out I know I want out of my marriage. I'm just not happy anymore. The problem is, I'm not mad at my wife, I am just not in love with her anymore, and she doesn't make much money and we have a 5 year old together. So I don't know how she will support herself much less her and a child. How do I tell her I want a divorce. Do I tell her? or do I just filing and surprise her and move out one day? How do I do this as civil as possible?"
"Question about Adderall XR and breakfast... Hi all,      I’m 34 years old and after years of struggling with ADHD I decided to get help, and just this week was diagnosed. After meeting with a psychiatrist I was prescribed 20mg Adderall XR, taken in the morning, which I started Wednesday.      For those of you on Adderall XR, how do you handle breakfast? I’ve read that taking it after eating can diminish the effects, but what about afterward? I know to avoid acids (soda, juice, etc), but are some foods better than others? I know everyone’s different, but I was curious what works for you. Thanks!"
What's the most popular book in Mexico? Tequila Mockingbird
"Vegas shooting referred to as terrorism on uk radio As the title says. I was listening to BBC radio 1's news bulletin, and in an article talking about the music awards last night they spoke about the tribute to the music fans who lost their lives ""in the Manchester and Las Vegas terror attacks"". I thought it was worth sharing becuase it's the first I've heard it mentioned for a while, and definitely the first I've heard it referred to as a terrorist attack"
Looking for an online sponsor Does anyone have any tips on how to find an online sponsor?
"1 hour and I will be dead. Throwaway account because I don't want my friends and my brother to find out that way.  Years have passed full of sadness anxiety and depression. Nothing has helped... nothing has changed... Everyday is worse then the one before it. Only thing that kept me going was my family and friends, but I can't continue. I am done. They love my but I don't feel anything anymore. My grandpa died and I wasn't sad and all good things don't make me happy anymore. I fucked up my future there is no way things turn out well for me. And I won't take more pain and sadness. I hope better for all of you facing this bullshit. It might raise awareness that even the 'popular' and 'handsome' people are sad when they say they are. Have the courage that I don't have."
Considering suicide because of blackmail. My ex girlfriend is attempting to blackmail me. Ive been depressed for years. But now its just anxiety mixed in with depression. I just want out. I dont think ill ever be left alone. My biological father has been calling cys for no reason (im 18) just to spite my mother and now i have this girl trying to do the same. I just want out. I cant see a day in my life that ill be safe from anyone.
Aaah hHAHAHAA HAAHAHAHHAHAH AAAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAhHAHAHAA HAAHAHAHHAHAH AAAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAJHAAHHAHHHHAHHAHHAHAHSHAHHHAHHAHAHHAHhAHhAHHAHHH hHAHAHAA HAAHAHAHHAHAH AAAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHA 1. FUCK THIS WORLD
I wish I had friends to do things with But I’m too socially inept and no one finds me interesting so I spend my weekends alone and I work all week days. I can’t even focus on my hobbies anymore as I just feel too sad
"Student teaching vs 1st year teaching Did you feel like your performance during student teaching was an accurate predictor of how well you did your first year as a teacher?  I just began student teaching recently and feel like I'm doing terribly. I've taught three lessons to the class so far and I'd say only one went well. I'm finishing my program and have this terrible feeling like I've spent the last two years working towards something I might not be actually cut out for.  Basically, I'm wondering about the relationship between your student teaching experience, but any student teaching advice is welcome as well!"
"maybe some people shouldn't live I get these things called retinal migraines. They're the rarest form of migraine, and I get them around 4-5 times a week. They're so bad that I've had them since birth and I still vomit from the pain. Another side effect of these migraines is every time I have one I go blind for around 30 minutes. Eventually, one of the times I have a migraine I won't regain my sight, and I'll be permanently blind in my eye. I was also born with an enlarged heart that murmurs too many times a day to count, and doctors say I'll need a new heart by the time I'm 40. All of my family is dead and I have too many headaches to maintain a social life. Even while my mother was still alive I only made her sad, no matter how hard I tried to hide how miserable I was it never worked, she always said how sorry she was and how it was her fault.  Maybe I should just leave this life."
"Overwhelmed at home... Hi all, I’m a college student that had this week off for spring break; now back home until the Fall as it was announced today that classes are online for the semester and we should move out ASAP.  My mother has suffered from undiagnosed anxiety for as long as I can remember, but this virus has been her absolute worst nightmare and pushed her over the edge. I understand she wants to “protect her family” (definitely a cultural component to this as well) but my siblings, father, and I have been barred from leaving the house entirely “until further notice” among other measures. My grandmother lives with us which is really worrying her but has been contained to a room away from the rest of us and we all intend to be VERY careful around her.  Thinking about the virus is all my mom does. She has no friends she really speaks to (besides doctors who validate her fears) or any hobbies- all she does is watch/read up on the latest COVID-19 news and worry about the family, resulting in everyday arguments, fits of tears, and extreme amounts of screaming. She’s refusing to get help (especially now since she’s scared of going into any doctors office) and will guilt us as “stressing her out” and making the problems at home worse when we don’t comply or even try to have a discussion with her. Bringing up the word ""therapy"" is enough to tear down the house. She's an extreme skeptic of mental health professionals as well and will often attack what I say as ""what the therapists tell you to do"" or claim they cannot possibly understand her.  Not sure what to do here and how much more of this I can take. Was actually really looking forward to going back to school for the sake of my own independence and sanity (recovering from depression/anxiety myself). Although I do live in a state with a considerable amount of confirmed cases, am I being unreasonable or is complete isolation the only way to protect my grandmother? Anyone in a similar spot that can offer advice? I’d like to support my mother as best I can but don’t want to sacrifice my entire livelihood.  Stay safe and strong everybody."
"Update I’m at the bookstore and I decided to text my friend. She doesn’t go to my school, so we barely see each other. She is nice. Sometimes I think she is too nice, but that’s who she is. We used to be really close and now she is coming to the bookstore too. I hope this goes well I’ll update y’all in a little."
"Do ""Beginner gains"" apply to different parts of your body? Backstory: I'm 19, 5'9 174lbs and roughly 14-15% BF. I've been lifting for the past year, but really saw the most of my gains the past 6 months of consistent training. Bench is 265, DL is 385, and I haven't 1rm squats yet, but I've starting doing a 4x6-8 with 225 (I plan on testing my 1rm once I feel a bit more confident with my form and execution). That's the main point of this thread. My Bench is pretty much done with its linear progression, DL is slowing down, and I haven't consistently squatted for my weightlifting journey.   Question: I was planning on cutting down to the mid 160s and I don't anticipate my bench or DL to increase much if at all, but If I start consistently squatting/training legs during my cut (2x per week), would I be able to recomp easier since it seems I have a lot of room to grow? Or should I focus more on maintaining the weights I use now and prioritize cutting instead of progressive strength training.  Thanks"
"I have horrible anxiety and on top of it, OCD. So when I do presentations at work, it sends me into overdrive. My doctor only gives me 10 Ativan a month, and I feel like I need something else. How do I get him to give me more Ativan or a stronger chill pill? I’ve asked him before for something else, and he didn’t want to give it to me, but I need something. I can’t keep freezing up in front of people. And yes I’ve tried deep breathing, visualization, listening to motivational movies."
"Dropping into memories Just saw a post where someone was sharing their symptoms and thought I would chime in.   I have a tendency to drop into memories. Sometimes, it's nice but, more often, it's a pain in the ass.   I'll see something that brings back a memory and I'll find myself inside the memory, like a fly trapped in amber. Nothing is really happening; I just can't seem to take my focus out of that memory. And this can sometimes happen several times a day.   The memories don't have to be vivid, either. They can be muddy as hell. They can be incorrect. Doesn't even matter if I like them. In fact, most of the time, I don't. I'll find myself sitting alone in a shopping center or leaning against a wall in a place I haven't been in years. Sometimes, it's downright dull and I think, ""Enough!""   So, what about you? Do you ever find yourself dropping into memories? Or anything like that?"
"I'm not a nice person I've had social anxiety since my teens. I think I used to be a nice person - kind towards others, generally, I cared about causes.  But I've been hurt by friends who suddenly preferred other friends to hang out with, and I've always felt uncomfortable in groups. I think this has contributed to me becoming someone I don't really like. I've been mean and gossipy, I think mainly out of boredom / to make myself feel better.  When I was younger I was very shy and wouldn't speak up, but I've learnt to be assertive. And now, I feel like I'm just a bitter person who always sees something negative.   Most people don't interest me and I don't really care about any causes (except animals). I have some friends but I only see them so often and it's not like we can spend hours talking. In general, I'm often hoping others do badly so I do better compared to them.  I wish I was a positive person who attracted others and was generally happy/content. Went to see a therapist ca. 6 months ago and she thought I had a light depression. I think it's still there and I've probably had it for years. I just don't seem to enjoy life like others do. I'm not sure what would make me happy &amp; why I don't care so much about other people, except my parents."
"Had 3 docs say it's anxiety, finally getting on meds and hoping they actually do something... but until then, I need reassurance... I have another doc appointment next week and will most likely be getting prescribed Xanax or something like it for instant relief to anxiety attacks. I know anxiety can cause any and every symptom under the sun, but it just doesn't make sense to me.  &amp;#x200B;  My anxiety attacks have evolved. They went from chest tightness, shortness of breath, feelings of doom to constant waves of head pressure (not painful, just concerning), shaking, heavy limbs, and feeling like I'm going to pass out. Sometimes it feels like I'm experiencing denationalization. I smoked too much weed, and once, and it seems to have triggered a GAD (which, from what I've read can be a ticking time bomb in some people. )   &amp;#x200B;  My blood pressure is normal, always. Doc says my heart and lungs sound okay. Just want to know if anyone else experiences these symptoms? I feel like death almost 24/7 now and I'm hoping it's just my anxiety getting worse but I also can't help but think it's too good to be true."
My friends are all talking on a new app and no one thought to tell me about it Or they did think about it and decided but to
"Two nights ago I had a horrible mental breakdown. I cried until I had a headache, I had two panic attacks and almost passed out, and I confessed to my mum that I wanted to kill myself. After talking to her, I thought I was getting help. My mum told me that she would help me get an appointment with my therapist (I lost her contact info because my phone had to be reset). She was supposed to help me get an appointment today. She forgot. Again. I was fully prepared to go to the hospital and get checked into the psych ward (honestly, locking me in there is the only thing that will stop me from killing myself). But that never happened. I do not know how I always fall for this shit. I am promised I will get help. When I am promised this help, I am happy and hopeful. Maybe this time Ill finally get help. Maybe Ill finally be able to feel better. But once the promises are broken and nothing is done, I feel sad and angry. I feel alone. I feel like nobody cares. I feel all alone in this battle that I have been fighting for almost a decade. I am done asking for help. I always ask for it, but help is not given to me. Fuck it, I might just walk to the hospital (it takes around an hour to walk there) and check myself in. Maybe then they will see how bad I need help. But I doubt it. They always help my sister more than they help me. And I hate to say it, but I resent my parents for that. I need help too. One time my dad and I were driving to McDonalds. We were talking, and he told me that him and my mum were not as worried about me as they were worried about my sister. What they do not know is that I have been planning to kill myself for months. And I am starting to prepare to take my own life. I know how Ill do it. And Ill probably do it in a few days or weeks. I am just so tired of not getting help. Maybe someone will listen now. Why the fuck do I always fall for this?"
My Social Anxiety So I go to a skating rink 4 days a week 11 hours a week (I rollerblade) there is this guy I see there all the time and I don’t even know his name how old he is or anything. I asked my friend hailey what his name is because I saw her talking to him and she had brought him over too me and I had a panic attack and started hyperventilating my social anxiety is really bad especially with clinical depression and stress on top of it. I’m almost in tears. A few other times he had come over to where we were and I just put my hood on and look at the floor because I’m trying really not to cry. I’m scared mostly cause I’m pretty sure I like him but my anxiety is usually bad like this. This one time he came over and I had put my hands over my face so he couldn’t see me he had kneeled down and tried to look under MY HANDS. So then I just turn to the wall. I don’t know what to do I need some help since COVID-19 has happened the skate rink is closed until April 2 and I really need some help. ( also to note he is really good at roller blading like round offs on rollerblades while moving) I really try to y’all to him but I’m scared what should I do?
"I'm lonely ok. I always say i'm not but damn I am so lonely. I suck at socialising. I missed out on all the high school/college experiences everyone else has because I sit in my room all day hating myself. Now my only friends, which aren't even really friends at this point, are moving away so I literally have no one. It'd be nice to just meet someone that I feel comfortable with, and just go for a walk or something, not even talking just having someone else there. I'd meet with someone online but I'm way to scared to actually meet with someone from online. So i'm just wasting away in my room...."
"Over 2 months sober... still not any less depressed. Still not in any less pain. Somehow I thought I would feel better. I still have widespread joint pain, migraines and gastric system upset. I feel like it's gotten worse since I stopped drinking entirely.... I am so disappointed. And now I can't even blame my health problems on my addiction and I have to accept that I will always have chronic pain. There is something wrong that is out of my control. I hate this. Nothing brings me joy anymore. How do you cope? How do you find things that make you happy? I don't know what I'm even saying anymore. Depression is stupid."
"Just broke up with my SO bc my depression consumes everything in my life I’ve been depressed for as long as I can remember and got in a relationship with the nicest man I’ve ever met about two years ago.  I left him tonight.  Because I can’t enjoy my time with him.  I can’t bear that burden on him.  Me being sad and him constantly putting the pieces together for me.  I have to learn to do that for myself.  I can’t find myself to enjoy anything, no matter how many nice things he does for me.  Even when I’m playing my favorite game, or with the people I love most I just can’t have a good time.  It’s hell.  I am so undeserved of his love.  I feel like since I’ve been with him I haven’t been able to focus on getting better.  That’s not his fault, it’s mine.  I focus on him.  Not me.  I need me to myself again.  It just hurts so bad.  I didn’t want to leave him but since I’ve been with him I’ve only gotten worse.  I know that I have to see a therapist and I’m going to start, I’m going to start getting better so maybe we can be together again.  All I want to do is go back to doing drugs and drinking... I’ve been so suicidal for the past few months.  I almost did it last night, but remembered my dog wouldn’t understand me not coming home.  I just wish I met him later in life.  Why did it have to be now when I’m so broken and self destructive?"
"Suicidal and in a relationship I'm 21 years old and boyfriend is 24 years old. I've always wanted to kill myself, it's just on and off. It's been off since I met my boyfriend 4 years ago. Suddenly last year idk what triggered it but I've been feeling bad since then. I don't know how to tell my boyfriend how I feel or should I get professional help before I tell him. I'm very honest with him but this news will take a huge toll on a person so is there any advice for me to on how to tell him how I feel?"
"My loneliness is a choice. The truth is I like being alone, I like my personal space and I like doing things I enjoy without being judged or having to justify doing the things I want to do.  Of course I feel so lonely sometimes and wish that I had someone to share things with, to have conversations with or even to be intimate with.  This is a recent realization, I've had a few people in my life recently that I slowly distance myself from without even realizing I'm doing it. Tonight was finally when I accepted what I was doing and understood why I was doing it.  It's the end of the year and the start of the new one, so I met up with a girl that I had met recently and been talking to a little bit here and there so we could spend New Year's together, it's not like I didn't have fun but on my way home I realized that my new year would have probably been a lot better if I had just stayed home and done my own thing.  I'm still lonely and I still have this feeling like I want to have someone to share my life with but the truth is the social interaction that I get between work and hanging out with the few friends I have every once in a while might actually be all I can take.   The feeling of loneliness is just a side effect of the way I choose to live my life.  I'm not really sure why I'm posting this here, but I guess maybe it's because I think some other people here might feel the same way and maybe reading this will help them realize it quicker than I did.  Happy New Year everybody."
"My boyfriend scared me for a minute I had sent him a picture of my cat sitting on a windowsill by an open window. I was thinking about how I wish I wasn’t depressed and how I wanted to just kill myself, and he sent me a message that said “No don’t jump” but referring to the cat picture."
"Have ADHD, but not on meds yet So I went to a psychiatrist a few months ago. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety. I got prescribed some antidepressants, but I also got some tests done at a clinic to see if I have ADHD. Peed in a cup, got blood drawn and tested, and got an EKG done on me. Turns out I do have ADHD but I didn't get put on anything because I didn't want it to interfere with my antidepressants. Now that a few months have passed, I'm considering talking to my psychiatrist on getting on some meds for my ADHD. I feel like I have been taking care of my depression pretty well that it's time for me to help my ADHD. I don't really know what I'm accomplishing by posting this, I just feel I needed a non-judgemental place to speak this."
"Just ranting here because I feel p upset about this. long story short, my bf and I have been in a rough patch for a while, and recently we have decided to take time apart, we still talk and spend time tgt, so today when he went to work I offered to pick him up, he ignored it, and I asked him why does he keep ignoring my questions, to which he responded he was doing something at work (by this time, he already ended) and then I offered to pick him up again because it was really late, he said something unrelated, and I asked him again if he wanted a ride home, and he read it and did not reply - its been a few hours since then. Idk why whenever this happens I cannot help but feel like an idiot like I am some joke, its like 5am now and I am just up waiting for some reply I know I will not get Feel like a joke sometimes"
"Tax Refund estimate Hey r/personalfinance,  &amp;#x200B;  I'm trying to figure out my refund this year and I dont have a real crazy profile  &amp;#x200B;  Household income was $73,000 for majority of 2018 and then got a raise to $85,000 starting mid november 2018.  &amp;#x200B;  Filing jointly with my wife who is a stay at home mom  &amp;#x200B;  I have one 2 year old  &amp;#x200B;  I claimed 2 for the entire year on federal  &amp;#x200B;  After plugging in some numbers credit karma says $511 refund?  &amp;#x200B;  I paid $5349 in taxes last year according to my last december check.  &amp;#x200B;  Anyone able to offer what it might be for a more accurate estimate refund?  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;"
"Bed bugs I endend up grtting bed bugs or finding out we had bedbugs in July. We had to move out because we couldnt pay rent because we had to spend the money on doing the laundry at a laundromat. Had to throw out all our furniture cauae they wouldnt do a heat treatment. So we had to move. I ended up back at my moms with her shitty boyfriend, ive been here for 2 weeks maybe. Last night my cats got out.(indoor kitties) 1 came home the lther is srill missing. turned into this whole this where my step dad is kicking out my boyfriend and my mom and me. Its been a supee shitty month and I dont have any friends to talk to help make this seem less bad. I just want to go get some shit and OD. I dont know I just dont want to live"
"It actually got better (please read) I come from a broken home.   My parents never married, they broke up two years after having me because they absolutely hated each other. I was tossed around between houses for a good portion of my life, and never got a steady grip on anything.  My mom remarried for a short period of time and had my brother, then divorced the guy. She was emotionally, mentally, and verbally abusive to him, but me especially.  My dad was my hero, and I thank whatever God there is for him every day. I only saw him twice a week on Saturdays and Sundays (he got the short end of the stick with custody- just how it goes sometimes). He was a perfect parent, and still is. The problem is that he saw what my mom was doing to me but there were two issues :  1) He didn’t have enough money to support me full time and wanted me to at least have a chance at a normal life  2) I refused to leave her, despite her abuse. (Keep in mind, I was around eight at the time we started discussing custody, and I felt guilty for even thinking about leaving mom)  Fast forward to years 11-15. I developed a horrible depression, experienced abuse, started self harming, and tried to off myself three times. I planned it almost once a month. My relationship with my mom was beyond toxic and my dad was having panic attacks constantly and almost lost his job because I was in the hospital so much. We went through so many programs and I was barely in school.  I never thought it would get better. I thought I’d be dead by sixteen, and god how I hoped I WOULD be.   But things started to change around age fifteen. I moved into dads house full time. Started going to therapy. Grades were getting better. I still cut frequently and tried killing myself again but... it was getting better. I didn’t talk to my mom or brother for a year but then we reconnected and actually talked. I had family dinners once a week even. I started texting her throughout the day because I WANTED to.  Around seventeen life was so much better. I had a better relationship with my family, was doing great in school, and was off of depression meds. I never thought I could live till seventeen.  But then I developed a horrible panic disorder. I was experiencing depersonalization and disassociation on a daily basis. It was HARD. I couldn’t keep a job, but I refused to drop out of highschool again. It was discouraging, but now that I had solid roots in my family it wasn’t as hard to cope.   Now, I turn 19 in October. I have a steady job that I love. My mom is my best friend. I’m getting a cat tonight. It’s my first day of college. I’m so fucking proud of myself.  I’m proud of myself. It makes me want to cry just saying it, but I NEVER thought I could get here. That I could function, and drive and graduate and work and go to college. I’m sorry that this is long but to anyone who has every felt completely hopeless about your life, KEEP pushing on. You may feel like a “normal” life is unattainable, but you can achieve it. You just might not be able to see it for a while.  So yeah. Go me."
"Which professionals were most helpful for you/your child? To the parents of those with ASD or individuals with ASD:  What interventions have been most helpful? Why? What role did each professional have in your child’s treatment? How often did they see each?  Specifically wondering about Clinical Psych, Occupational Therapy, and Behavioural Therapy, but all answers are welcomed!"
"Just received a gift hi.  i just received a gift. and it just ruined my whole fucking day  20 dollars wasted. its my moms birthday (who the fuck gives gifts on their birthday) and she got me this as a suprise (she called me asking what my phone number is because she doesnt know how to check it on her phone) and i asked why - she said she was gettingmme a surprise at gamestop.  i knew instantly what it would be. i recently got back into tamagotchi and i know gamestop has ""original"" rereleases, so I instantly KNEW it was going to be one.  But i told her on the phone i dont want anything and she hung up. then she came home and gave it to me.  what pisses me off is that she is always yelling at dad that he soends all our money on gambling and car parts and we dont have any - so why waste 20 dollars on something i said i didnt want on the phone.   im so angry. and she wont take me to return it. im 22 and disabled so i cant drive.   what a fucking waste - and its actually a really nice shell on the toy (so somebody rlse cant get it and it'll sit wasted in my closet).  and she fuckinng ruined tamagotchi for me. i cant even look my my mix (which i got myself a month sgo) without wanting to break it now.  my dad is unemplyed and my mom hasnt worked in a decade, and im 22 and disabled and cant work. money is fucking tight. it always has been because my dad gambles and wasted shitloads of money already.  my memory always connects things with events. every song i listen has a distict memory. a random beyonce song makes me think back to my horrid junior year of college and i cant listen to that song anymore.  i will always remember this day when i think of tamagotchi. i did not ruin it. she did my making this event happen and giving me the memory."
"Am I [26F] expecting too much from my boyfriend [31M] of four years? We’ve been together for three years and I struggle with mild (self diagnosed but seeing a therapist) anxiety symptoms, sometimes this means I struggle differentiating between rational, real thoughts and irrational anxiety fuelled thoughts.   My boyfriend &amp; I have been together for almost 4 years and I would say it’s a very happy relationship, we argue like anyone else but communicate well and it has never lasted more than a few hours.   Recently I’ve started thinking negatively about our relationship for example  - I am noticing I’m usually the first to say I love you, he always says it back but I’m usually always the first  - he doesn’t ever surprise me with anything, I make all the plans and he just comes along with me. He never books a dinner and says you’ve had a bad week let’s go out tonight   - he never really wants to cuddle, I get a hug when he gets home from work but we never cuddle in bed or on the sofa  - I don’t think he will buy me anything for Valentine’s Day this year. I buy him something small but special every year and I usually get flowers from the shop but I have to hint to get them   - he doesn’t care about my family. My mum has gone through a rubbish set of events recently but every time I’ve told him he hasn’t listened or cared very much about it    I don’t know if I’ve just got myself in a negative thinking spiral and have stopped noticing all the great things about him or if he’s just a bit of a rubbish boyfriend and I need to seriously think about if these are things I can accept or not so I just wanted some impartial advice...  Tl;dr - am I being an overthinking, negative nelly or should I expect this from a boyfriend?"
"I don't want anyone to know I've got depression I'm not sure how alone I am in this feeling.   I've gotten to the point where it feels as tho I'm playing an entirely different person when I'm around other people. I'll smile and laugh at jokes I don't find remotely funny, or I'll act upset in situations where I just don't feel like anything. I've been playing this ""character"" of myself for a couple of years now. In a way, I have a strict personality set up for others because I find my actually self far too boring and uncaring. (It's so strange to be self aware of the fact that you don't care much about things.)  Well, recently I've been seeing a therapist at my school. (It was lightly forced for me to see her after I came out suicidal to my now ex gf.) It's a weird situation, I really look forward to seeing her, but I don't ever tell her the truth of what's going on. This is mostly out of fear of what could happen if I did. I mean, how do you explain to someone you've been faking how you feel about nearly everything for years? It feels fake by just saying it aloud.   Now the main root of my issue lately. (Sorry for the long post.) I can't bring myself to keep acting anymore. It's gotten to the point where I have been skipping school days simply because I don't want to ""be happy"" around other people when I'm honestly dying inside. Even in the family home, I'll bury myself into my room because I simply don't want to talk to any of my family members. Does anyone have this feeling too, or is there something more wrong then depression?"
"Not sure if I should try an SSRI's again after a bad first experience Took lexapro for 4 days but stopped because I had shit to do and could not handle the side effects at the same time.   Bad effects:  Could almost not sleep at all. Even with 0.5mg xanax (woke up after 3 hours )  Bad nausea   Zero appetite  Penis worked, but Orgasm felt super intense in a bad way (felt like I was being electrocuted or about to have a seizure or someting)  After I stopped taking lexapro on the 4th day my genitals felt numb and getting erection was difficult and orgasms where weak (Im scared this will be permanent if I try an ssri for more that a few days)  After I stopped taking It I felt the most INTENSE depression I've ever felt. Very scary.   Felt like a zombie   Good effects: Less anxiety especially social anxiety   What should I do? Any Ideas?"
"Never been to a gym before. But now my doctor demands that I lose some weight (in the ballpark of 15-20 pounds), and I've got a membership... What do I do? I went to the gym and stared at all the equipment but it looks like it came off the Starship Enterprise. And none of the machines have any instructions. As someone who has lived a fairly sedentary lifestyle, how do I learn to love to work out?"
I want a girlfriend! I want someone to talk to and someone I can make feel on top of the world. Anyway message me
"I'm Not Even Sure What's Going On Anymore This is partly to sort of... organize my thoughts, partly to just say them or see them, somewhere, outside of my own head  I've struggled with these feelings for a long time, for at least about the last 10 years. I've never really done anything about them, because at home if I ever had the nerve to bring them up it was waved away with essentially a very nice, parental way of saying, ""it's not that bad, you only feel this way because you want to.) And now that I'm out on my own, I have no money or insurance to get therapy or medication, or even an official diagnosis of what's wrong with me. I have relapses in self harm all the time. I'm out here, moved away from the midwest to NYC, where I know absolutely no one. I'm not exaggerating. I don't know a single soul out here, and have no one to talk to. I'm sure if I get a job I could maybe I could make work friends. But I can only find jobs online, that I never here back from, or I get denied by. So, no friends, no jobs. No on back home really contacts me or responds to me. I had my first non-straight experience this summer, and we broke up because of the fear of long-distance, and when I admitted that I still had very strong feelings for him, he basically said that he literallyb can't have feelings for someone he cant see every day, but still wants to be my friend and now I'm second guessing every good memory I had with him? And confused as to why he couldn't feel attraction for me long-distance? Did he just like me for my looks? I'm not that attractive. Did he just want a warm body to hold for a few weeks, and is just trying to leave me behind?  Speaking of, I just feel so behind in life. I'm 22, unemployed, a college graduate with no real work skills (I studied theatre for fucks sake). But somehow other people are getting jobs and I'm not! I don't what they're doing differently, and any time I ask ""let me know if you know someone hiring!"" It's always radio silence.  My apartment is too expensive for me. Technically, they all are, but. I'm going to have to break the lease on my apartment, not get my deposit back, and move back home where I'm also miserable. Even travel inside of NYC all costs money.  I rarely leave my apartment. I feel guilty if I spend the money to leave. I feel guilty to my roommates if I don't leave. Time is a blur. I rarely eat. No one talks to me. I only ever feel, and feels like I only ever had felt, guilt and anxiety and inadequacy. Not a single person wants me around, in any aspect of my life. I hardly want myself around. Living is expensive, even if I'm doing the bare minimum. Everyone is telling me I'm worthless, and not worth the time, and I shouldn't believe them, but if they all seem to agree, maybe they have a point. And, I don't know. I don't think I'm suicidal. But I don't have a reason to live. But I don't have the spine to kill myself.  That's the surface of everything. I don't know what this was supposed to accomplish.  Thanks for reading."
"Can I get filed for taxes twice? Was in a car accident, fractured my spine, couldn’t go to work for 3 months, nor could I work from home. Recently resigned.  During my leave, the CEO/HR said it would be paid my regular salary under our “Unlimited PTO” policy. Basically if you are sick/want to go on a vacay for a month, its covered as long as approved.  I got my paystubs and it was labeled as “Hourly Pay” with all the regular taxes taken out.  Fast forward to me leaving the company, now the CEO says I should look forward to a 1099 form soon since my last 3 months of pay were “bonuses”.   When I questioned it, he said the HR filed it incorrectly and his CPA would be adjusting it with the IRS.   Who is in the right, and will I get taxed twice?"
"Worried that I've given myself brain damage (re: Wim Hof) OK, I've performed 2 breathing exercises last afternoon and this morning according to Wim Hof's YouTube tutorial, but I think I misunderstood instructions and held my breath for too long. Since this morning, my head and neck have been aching. I won't say that I feel confused, but slightly out-of-body. I also made some errors while typing this post. Does anyone share a similar experience? Have I done permanent damage to myself?"
"Can you please help me out? I’ve had social anxiety for years. I’ve always had eclectic taste in books, music, movies and science among other things. I really want to go out and meet people who have similar interests as me.   While I’ve tried going out and meeting new people, I’ve failed most of the times because conversations tire me out after a point. Also, many people aren’t really interested in becoming friends. They are there just for that meet-up or that event. And I think it’s difficult to make friends as an adult. How should I start meeting new people and making new friends? Social anxiety sucks and the loneliness which it makes us feel sucks too. I really want to try and not be lonely. Any advice shall be greatly helpful.   Thank you."
"I wrote a poem I'm on the verge Shoulder butterflies Weightless emptiness The pit has set in The sweetness has gone No more from the cherry I'm on the verge Why I didn't deserve this I don't want this I want another cherry But I know with another cherry Comes another pit Sweetness, temporary The verge, lingering Waiting Why Endless pain No meaning It's not my fault I followed my emotions Irrational Rational Wrong Right Nothing It's my fault I'm on the verge I don't need help This is normal Everyone goes through it But I'm alone Too much time Boredom I'm tired but I can't sleep What is WRONG with me Is something wrong with me? This is normal This isn't my fault I didn't want this I don't deserve this I'm on the verge"
"Quality of Life When do you decide that your quality of life is more important than just being alive? I'm 22 , covered in Acne on my face, chest and back, I'm taking an antibiotic for it but that lowers my immune system so I usually get sick once every couple months already now I get sick every month maybe twice a month. Then when my immune system is down from being sick and the antibiotic for acne I get a cold sore. They have been coming so frequently and I can't go on a date or be confident with ""herpes"" on my face. There's this really cute girl I like I want to ask out but I got another cold sore right now popping up and I'm gonna miss my chance. I always ask out a girl, we seem to have a great time, we go out have a good date, ends with a passionate kiss then nothing. I ask for second date and they ghost or cancel. I go to therapy because I hate myself so much and it helps a bit I guess but I can't stop the suicidal thoughts coming. I've always lived my life for the people around me and I'd hate to hurt them by taking my life but I don't know if I can last. I'm just some deadbeat selling cell phone plans that can't get into uni to do what he really wants. If my quality of life is so low, is it really worth living? Oh yea and I'm living with my parents still."
"Really low? I’m in a lot of physical and mental pain. I refuse to cry about it because it hurts a lot when I do, so I’ve slowly built resistence. Perhaps tonight can be the night. I think I know what to do. This will be the least painful, maybe. That’s what I want. To not feel anymore pain that life causes. I don’t handle it well and I’m not wanting to be a burden anymore. Sixteen years wasted, huh? I’m sorry."
"California released a list of the worst schools and my school is on there. (Vent/advice) (I hope this is allowed, I'm new to reddit and still learning the rules.)   I read that my school is one of the worst schools in CA this morning and I feel like the floodgates holding me together just broke.   It's absolutely true that my school struggles, the last three years have been insanely hard with 75% turn over and changing from a TK-5 to a TK-8. We have a district that has actively worked against our school in the past, as well as being biased against our area/neighborhood. We have a very ineffective administration. We have a lot of teachers who don't care and hate the school too. We have a very low income population, with a lot of poverty struggling and substance abusing parents.   We've also got a lot parents who refuse to take responsibility for their child. Parents who say ""There's no way my child could have done that."" Or ""If they're failing/acting out then it's the teachers fault for doing something towards them."" This creates kids who the only people trying to hold them accountable are in the classroom.   I'm depressed as all hell. Every day is battle and I have little support. I feel like Sisyphus, always pushing that rock just for it to roll down hill. How can I teach when every student is 3-4 grade levels behind? How can I teach when all I do is deal with disruptive and disrespectful behaviors?   This is the neighborhood and school I was raised in. This is my home. I don't know how to help and I feel so powerless. I came in knowing it's a tougher school but I never imagined that there'd be no way to help. I feel very defeated.   There's so much more I could say but I'm trying to keep it short. Has anyone been or is currently in a situation like this? Does anyone have any advice or suggestions of what I can do?"
First friend I’ve had in many years has now started calling me the wrong name and ignoring my messages. I have started to feel like I don’t want to be alive again. Everyone hates me. Why? Why does every single person in this world hate my guts?
"One of the really prestigious school in the neighborhood of Boston has asked me to discontinue my PhD program    I was going through depression for some time and then my father passed away. I went into major depression and the school asked me to discontinue with my PhD program and get a masters and leave immediately within 4 months of my father's death. I had already passed the qualifiers/generals and was on track until my father's passing away. I went into even major depression after the failure and couldn't complete the thesis requirement for the masters program.  I am an International student and this month 29th I'd leave US for my country without any degree and any help from anyone in the school. There's a lot of background stories on how systemically the department and administration has lead me to this, never discussing any options for medical leave etc. In fact right after asking me to leave, someone from the department Section-12ed me and got me institutionalized because of possibility of self-harming myself. I want to file a case against the school and I have no idea what to do.  Any help will be appreciated."
"Are Tide pod memes a marketing ploy by the higher ups of the company? Watching the Super Bowl, and couldn't help but notice frequent Tide commercials. Now, ""drinking bleach"" is a meme that has been around for quite some time, why are we now specifically focusing on ONE company for memes? Tide isn't the only company that produces detergent pods, either.   Could Tide have potentially started this meme craze? Laundry detergent has never really been a major part of Super Bowl ads.... why is it so frequent this year?  Apologies if this post is kind of all over the place, I'm jotting this down while simultaneously watching the game lol."
"HELP how to stay alive Been diagnosed with depression at the age of 15 (now I'm  18).When I am on brake I can cope  with it,almost like I don't  have it.But when schoo starts  and I'm in school is like hell. I don't  get bullied,I have friends,but I don't have the energy or the power to go to school... Any advice would help."
How do you deal with your kids while on a manic? I just need some advice or coping help.
Help with starting to let go.... I have a sophomore in HS and I’m having a very hard time starting to let go and thinking of her going away in a couple years. Family issues have left me and hubby the only family we have besides dd.   Any advice on how to transition to an empty nester? Our parents (hubby and I) aren’t in the picture do we have no one to turn to. 😞
"So... I just want say hi to all of you. I was here for a while, but I am a little bit scared of greetings. I was and propably will be scared of it. Also sorry for any grammar mistake I made or I will make English isn't my first language. Life with being scared of meeting new people is hard. I'm still trying to break free from it. It's annoying to hear from your classmates all of their stories with their friends and I need to stay silent because I don't have anything to say because I don't have any stories. My life is very boring. Bye."
I wish I wasn’t really awkward in conversations and could speak to other people in a coherent manner without panicking and starting to stumble over my words. How do you make your voice clear and not sound like you’re just spewing an incoherent jumble of words?   I want to be better in 1 on 1 as well as group conversations but I also want to have the confidence to make phone calls which I find very difficult at the moment and it’s holding me back because sometimes I gotta phone my bank or my doctor but I just can’t do it because I have no confidence in my voice and it’s super unclear and incoherent most of the time.  In fact I have to phone my doctor about something wrong with me but I can’t because of this. I want to take responsibility and just do it but I don’t have the confidence to do it.  Please can anyone help me in this situation?
is it normal to have anxiety even though your not really anxious/worried about something? like shakiness and irregular beating heart....and difficulty to breathe normal
"How long does Buspar insomnia take to go away? I’ve been on 1/2 a 5mg pill in the mornings for about 2 weeks now (my dose is super low bc I’m very prone to side effects) and since Monday I haven’t been able to sleep more than 1-3 hours per night. I don’t even feel sleepy until 6am and I have to get up at 9.  I done even feel appropriately tired despite the lack of sleep, I feel pretty alert. I tried taking melatonin 3mg yesterday and the day before yesterday and it did NOTHING.  I called my psych since I was honestly worried for my health about how I physically cannot sleep and she said to try Benadryl, which I’m planning to tonight.   In anyone else’s experience, how long does the insomnia take to go away?"
"Mom on the verge of breakdown, need help figuring out a plan Hi everyone, my mom is on the verge of a mental breakdown concerning her finances and asked me for help. I am not very financially savvy, so I am turning here for help. I will try to keep things short and to the point.  She is about to turn 60 and works as a nurse. She takes home, after taxes, about $4,000 a month, $48,000 a year. My father passed away in 2017 and she is single. There are two large debts she owes that are making her struggle - she owes $120k to the bank for a refinance on the house, and $270k on Parent Plus school loans. The refinance costs her \~$1,380 per month, and the loans are now going to cost her \~$1,450 a month. In August of 2017, she qualified for the Public Loan Forgiveness and Income Driven payment plans and was paying \~$845 to the loans monthly. Shortly after is when my father died. The Income Driven plan needs to be recertified every year, and in October of 2018 she was given the new amount of \~$1,500 monthly. She reapplied twice, and each amount given was only a few dollars lower. There was a .75 cent increase in her hourly pay, and the death of my father, but no changes other than that. Is this enough to make the increase over $600? The people at FedLoan are no help when she calls.  Her other monthly expenses, not including food, (insurance, utilities, house taxes etc.) are costing her about \~$1,400 a month. So now, with the student loan payment increase, she will be left with little to no money for food or anything else depending on when she pays the bills. Is there anything we can do to make things work?"
"For this sub Just a small youtube playlist I've made for this sub. A lot of these songs have helped me out at one time or another (despite a lot of these songs being fairly old, I promise I'm only in my mid-20s xD)   [https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRixIPIYA-RxNPf7rmvk7z07wP7OJoUHB](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRixIPIYA-RxNPf7rmvk7z07wP7OJoUHB)"
I’ve taken some pills but not sure it’s enough to kill me I took 33mg of diazepam and 11 8/500mg of cocodomol. Is that enough to kill me?
"I've forgotten my age. It's my birthday today and I have no clue how old I am. I've been depressed for so long, I can't remember the last time I celebrated my birthday.   The only happy birthday I've had is from my mum.  Take me back to my younger days when I actually had friends. I'm sitting here holding back the tears reminiscing on the time it would hit 12 and my phone wouldn't stop going off from all the birthday messages.   **:(**"
"I can't take it anymore Why is everyone so normal? Why can every single person I meet in life be so good at holding basic conversation, at being likeable, at being accepted.  No one truly accepts me. My acceptance is only illusion I've told myself. I've tried seeing other people as less good then me, but everyone else is normal. I'm not.   Why? Why was I mobed? Why am I an outsider? Why do I start to accept the fact that I am one? I mean, what do people see in me. Everyone has girlfriends, but of course no girl would look at me. Everyone gets along in class, but of course I'm the most quite one of them all.   My friends, MY FRIEND have better conversation with my brother then me. My brother, despite being my younger brother, is better then me.  What makes me deserve this shit, why was I born into this world? Im the only one of this kind. Everyone else is normal. Why couldn't I've lived my way like that too. Why am I suffering. Why have I spent my entire life feeling like a nobody, nothing.  What the fuck am I supposed to do with this life"
"President Trump has declared Palestine ""not a Shithole Nation"". ""It's a Shithole Territory"""
"A farmer goes to collect his chickens’ eggs. As he reaches for them, the chickens suddenly all whip out tiny guns. “Whoa, whoa. How did you hide all those guns in this henhouse?” The head chicken responds, “We’ve had enough of your shit, farmer. This is a coup.”"
Help with inferiority complex and loneliness I have been suffering from an inferiority complex for over 8 years now and it's not getting any better. Because of my inferiority complex I don't have the courage to talk to people because I think that they don't want me. Any help?
"How to leave a toxic and potentially dangerous situation? (Logistics not emotions) Hi all, I searched and I couldn’t find this really anywhere.  I’m contemplating whether to do a “harsh” exit- meaning move out, have someone serve papers and finalize things OR tell him in person, and still move out but having a real conversation about it. I’ve honestly already made up my mind and I’m looking for apartments to move into and discuss my lease terms with my apartment.  The issue is that he has shown me that he can be violent when extremely upset and I do not want to face that on the other end. I also know that he will drag this out for as long as possible (even though we don’t share any assets together or accounts, just an apartment where the lease is). But I also know that he would be more sympathetic if I said I wanted to spend time with family and take a step back (which is true we live out of state). Any thoughts?   Also if anyone has tips on breaking a lease let me know"
Can sociopaths feel emotions As stated in the title I am wondering what emotions they can feel if they can feel them any help appreciated thanks.
"Klonopin (clonezepam) or Ativan (lorazepam) My wife is a schizophreniac. She also takes Benzodiazepines among other medications.    She has been take Klonopin (clonezepam) for 3-4 months. The doctor may be switching her to Ativan (lorazepam). The doctor said that the switch should not have any problems.    But I was wondering which Benzodiazepine is better in terms of problems/safety in the long term out of these two? Also, would switching cause any withdrawal issues?"
"Boyfriends anxiety Me and my boyfriend have been together nearly 5 months. I haven’t got a good home life, I have a very verbally abusive relationship with my parents and it’s toxic. My boyfriend suffers with very bad anxiety and depression, he is often disconnected from everything and overthinks himself into panic attacks. Medication isn’t working for him and he wants to start therapy but his family will make his home life harder and be pissy with him over it. I love him with all my heart and owe him everything, I want him in my life forever. Our relationship is incredibly intimate and serious for our age. We are each other’s worlds and it’s not fake love. It’s so strong. His anxiety is causing me anxiety though, and I feel so hopeless. It obviously doesn’t make home life better either. I don’t know how to help his anxiety and make it better. What are the best tips to beat anxiety or control it (not how to support him bc I know everything like that thank you ❤️)  I’m not leaving him, that’s not a discussion. I just need to know some solutions to help his anxiety and also know If there’s any hope for us. He’s only 18, we’re so young but madly in love"
me every now and then when I order something and I receive the order but it’s horribly incorrect... I just move on and hope that I’ll forget about it because I doN’t waNt to confront anyone about that
How hard is it to build muscle mass without using protein supplements? All these gyms and fitness stores I go to are all pushing protein supplements and stuff making it seem as if you want to build muscle mass you have to use supplementation.    Is this true ? Or can you build just as much muscle mass just with a good diet and exercise?
"We are pregnant with our first! Well she is but I’m excited!! So ya, we are expecting our first lil feller in July. I barely any experience with newborns, toddlers, basically any age under 6 I haven’t dealt with before. I’m looking for parenting advice, thing we will need like baby monitor, good strollers, car seats. I’m looking for everyone’s opinion on what works and is good quality and what to avoid! Thank you for any help   - soon to be dad."
"Mental health/ support discord server https://discord.gg/8kDGNqe Hey guys. I just wanted to bring a little positivity! There's a mental health server where you can vent all your problems/illness and get some advice if you desire. There's also some relax and anxiety reducing channels. Everyone is welcome!!\^\^  ""Our main goal is to make you feel better each time you logout. Hospital98 is a place where people with any personal, physical or mental problem can vent, relax and make new friends. This server offers a lot of interesting channels with various topics so be sure to take a peek! We hope you enjoy your stay! ""    [https://discord.gg/8kDGNqe](https://discord.gg/8kDGNqe)"
Hey question about posting gun pics with visible serial numbers... What do you guys think about posting gun pics with serial numbers?  I notice sum people blur or black out the numbers and sum don’t.  Why is that?
"I’m not sure if I have schizophrenia or not So to start off I’m not a very socially active person. I used to be in the past in a very blindingly weird way but I was comfortable. Then about 2 years ago I started smoking weed and everything took a turn for the worst. My social interactions plummeted, even when I was around people I couldn’t keep up or tack on personal thoughts. My responses were usually very brief and I don’t even know if they made sense. To be clear the people I was with didn’t really help my situation any greater. They would usually talk down to me and purposely make me feel like shit. And now I don’t know when people are being mean or being genuinely nice. I can’t tell if people are trying to “test” me. My mind seems to have a bunch of tabs open on shit that’s never about the situation at hand. When I’m either high or drunk I seem to phase out of the present and think “why can’t I do this or that. What’s wrong with me. I should just give up”. And sometimes I fail to even speak a word for hours at social events. I’m now SUPER paranoid that everyone I keep close has a secret alliance and is out to get me. I have a very active voice in my head even though I have a somewhat good ability to control it. I’ve never heard an external voice, I’ve never had any hallucinations. Someone please help hahah"
"Regarding the book : Beyond the Breath: Extraordinary Mindfulness Through Whole-Body Vipassana Meditation This is my first post, I am really curious about the Goenka method but being a full-time college student I am unable to attend one. So my earnest request is if anyone has the book , could you kindly share the images of the meditation instructions, I am not going to practice myself as I know it is risky, I just wanted to know about it out of curiosity. Thanks."
"In need of some assistance regarding of friend of mine who has nothing and is pretty much ready to die Posting again /r/depression  TLDR:- Friend is talking of killing herself and has zero people bar me able to at least help her. And I don't think I can do this.  Friend of mine who came into my friend circle as the girlfriend of another friend. About 3 weeks ago they fell out and 2 weeks ago they broke up.  I decided to at least keep chatting only to find out after a 2 hour chat that she had no other friends and that her mother was pretty useless. (At least work have been a bit lenient)  So tonight at 1am (UK time) I get a call from a stranger that she has friend's phone and that friend was at a bus stop in a puddle of vomit after a night of drinking semi-alone.  Drove over to find her being comforted by a stranger that saw her on the floor and took her to a bench and wiped her mouth and tried to get as much vomit out of her hair as possible.  Took her back to my house (still live with parents since London is too expensive) since it was too far to get back to Ealing at that time of night.  Washed her hair in the shower and put her to bed in the spare guest room so she's fine for now.  --  The relevant bit which is also in the TLDR is that on the journey back she talked of ending it all, letting ""the beast from the east"" take her (UK's incoming snowy weather) and that she's called the Samaritans several times. The heartbreaking thing is that I'm literally the only person right now that she could ask for help, or call, or chat and (this is going to make me sound really heartless) I don't think I can.  I don't have the ""desire"" (bad choice of word) nor the energy, not the expertise inside my stupid Autistic head to potentially make a difference.  I don't know where I'm going with this. It's pretty much a vent and a call for assistance of what I can do next to help her.  Just please. She needs help and I don't think I can provide it."
"3 years My girlfriend broke up with me after three years. at first i was angry and hurt, but at the end of the day, it was better for her mental health. i don't blame her. it's just so hard not to talk to her and i've caves more than a couple times. she says it's hard for her too, but she seems to be okay with not talking to me. i'm trying to believe she's just stronger, but my anxiety is a bitch :/"
"This Week I Leave My Autistic Boss and I Feel Awful I just want to thank everyone who showed support with my previous posts:  https://www.reddit.com/r/autism/comments/77c3qd/how_to_be_the_best_employee_possible_for_someone/ and  https://www.reddit.com/r/autism/comments/79to6x/updateemployer_with_possible_autism/   But sadly I now have to move on.  I feel really awful about it. As passive aggressive and sarcastic as he sounded, he did once refer to me as being like one of his children. He's currently away perusing one of his obsessions and wont be back for two weeks. He got my notice, and I have the notification it is read- but he has not responded. I hope it is not too much of a shock for him.   I know (or at least I think) I got on his nerves too, because his emails got more and more frustrated with me. The stress has just taken its toll. I feel like a weak person for not being able to handle it. It was such an easy job, but his behavior just kept me so on edge and another door opened at the right time.   Im just feeling very guilty about the whole thing."
"does anyone else randomly have thoughts like ""If we had to vote for someone to be kicked out of this friendship group, it'd be me""   like ....  what possible context could that situation ever actually happen in  what do I gain from thinking about it except feeling bad  even if it would be me, does it actually matter?!  stop, brain, pls"
"Need help refinancing house to remove ex wife from mortgage My wife and I divorced last year. Everything has been accounted for with the exception of our house, which I am currently living in. I need to refinance the house to remove her from the mortgage and buy her out. These terms were written within the divorce documents.   I do not know where to begin with this process. Should I do this through Wells Fargo (the current lender)? Is there another option? I have also heard about a quick claim. Should this be a part of the process as well?  Any advice would be appreciated."
"Found out that my crush is fasting (Just a disclaimer i wasn't diagnosed with any ED but had some food issues for the past 2 years, especially the past 6 months. I hope It's ok for me to write here, maybe someone can help)   I oveheard her convesation with a guy from her class, she said she was water fasting for a second day in a row. I don't know if its her first time fasting but I really don't want her to get into that. Im afraid she might get herself into problems with eating and i hate the idea of her waisting her life on thinking about food. I know how it feels and I don't want her to feel this way. Im really worried about her. Maybe she's doing it for the ""health reasons"", like cleansing or smth, and i shouldn't be worried, but what if she stumbled upon some proana blog? That would be terrible... What if she's doing it becouse she thinks she's fat? Or as a form of selfharm? If she's been dealing with some kind of ED already I can't realy help, but if it's just the start? And maybe she has no idea what she's getting herself into? Maybe I could talk to her and tell her that fasting and restricting can lead to binging later, feeling weak, cold and tired, having realy low self esteem and other stuff. I'm probably over reacting and making a big deal out of nothing but it Just breaks my heart to se her like that. Today she was weaker then usual and she told me she's super cold. Should I talk to her? I mean I overheard her convesation, she didn't tell me that. I just want her to be happy... And how do I start the convesation? I'm really worried.  Also it's really triggering to me. She's so beautiful and skinny, what if it's the way to achieve that? I have been trying to get better with my eating habits for the last week. I miss the feeling of fasting... Ugh i don't know what to do"
"The dreaded brain eating amoeba fear after swimming in river-headache Sunday I went swimming in a local warm river in Georgia. It was super shallow, but I did get in up to my neck, lay on a waterfall, and splash some water on my face. I don’t think I got any notable amount up my nose? Def not like the feeling you get when jumping in water without breathing out.  Monday I was ok and went to a kickboxing class for the first time. Tuesday I started getting a tension headache, and I almost never get headaches. It seemed to get better towards the night. The next day I still had a bit of a headache. But went out with a friend for her birthday. This resulted in a slight hangover the next day. Today, Friday, I woke up with a dull headache with light throbbing. Goodys headache powder hasn’t touched it, and and 2 1/2 hour nap didn’t work.  I do have anxiety, but I almost never have headaches. So I’m really freaking out, and am worried I might have gotten stuff up my nose without knowing and now I’m just going to die. Lol.  The headache feels like tension and lots of pressure. My body also feels kind of tingly and weak. I’m afraid it’s like the amoebas slow progression? I know I sound like a crazy person, but I think I need a little reassurance. If I don’t die, I prob should go back to my therapist lol. It’s just gotten expensive with my new insurance that won’t cover it.  Also super nervous even if it isn’t because some people are like “I’ve had a tensions headache for months!!”"
"Last night I got my heart broken so badly..and..that was the last straw. I am ready to let go. What can I do for my mom to make it easier for her? So.. idk how to begin.. I don’t think I am strong enough to deal with this. Last 2 months have been the hardest of my life and i went through so much emotional pain. I kept telling myself it was going to get better but deep down I knew it was a lie.. and the day that I finally had to face truth came and I am not strong enough to deal with it.  6 months ago this person saved me and made my life seem not so bad. I couldn’t see the point getting up, I had nothing to look forward to.. but he changed that and I loved him.. I loved him like I have never loved anyone before. I traveled half the world for him, put his happiness before mine and gave all the love someone as broken as me could give.. only to realize he would just stop loving me.. for no reason. Its so cruel to let people love you. All you are doing is promising you’ll one day break their hearts.   So here I am. Tired of feeling like this. Angry because I cant change it or make it better. The day exhausts me, I struggle to get out of bed. Depression isn’t a war you win, its a battle you fight every day .. and I am tired of fighting.  I know this would hurt my mom but I cant deal with this anymore. Not after losing him.  I have only 1 friend, no goals in life, failed university due to depression, haven’t left the house in months.  So now that you have an idea of what my life is like I need an advice on how do I make this loss easier for my mom.  Sorry if my thoughts are messy or unclear."
I hate myself Do you ever just realize that you don’t know what love it is? Like I don’t know what to compare my romantic relationships or crushes to because I’ve never been shown real love by my parents. I have so much trauma. I don’t know how to cope with that and also be in a relationship. Like that shit will take years to process
"Any reliable information about what is really happening in this world? I have this really strange thought in my head that is always around and saying that something isn't right. Majority of us finish school, then go to work, get married (or not), pay some shitty bills and die. It's like a loop. I feel like a peasant, I feel like it's the mediaval times but we got more advanced technology. It's a weird feeling that I can't really explain."
"Feel like a worn out novelty. I've been severely depressed for several years. I'm not sure where it started, possibly when I lost a close friend at 14 (Nearly 23 now).  There's a lot I could say on the matter but this post is about a more niche area: I feel like a worn out novelty.  When I'm out which isn't hugely often I feel like a party's 3rd wheel, I feel like I'm only ever there as a nostalgic homage to what I once was. (I was a lot more fun and outgoing in 2013, but was only like that because I felt no repercussions because I never expected to make it to the next week). I just don't see the appeal in me that others do, I genuinely frustratingly don't understand it in the slightest. I will concede I can be funny sometimes but so can anyone and I look jolly and laugh heartily and often (I think I come off as a warm character like Hagrid). I'm also poor and sometimes they feel obligated to buy drinks for me and stuff but they still keep inviting me out. I just feel like as time passes the facade is wearing thin, I don't bring anything to the table and it isn't sustainable I'm boring my life isn't advancing anymore and it hasn't for 5 years at least I'm lost when they ask me what's new or anything of the sort. I would say I'm a nice and kind person and I genuinely care about all of them, but is that enough? I've also asked few people what the appeal is and I wasn't really given an answer which leads me to believe there is in fact no concrete reason they are still tied to me other than our past affinity. I'm just a worn out husk and they'd be all the better for shedding me I can't help but feel.  There are many factors that are driving me to the edge and have in past but this is one that is currently weighing heavily on my mind.   Thanks for reading. Also if you feel like this should just be on R/Depression and not here, it is really just because I'm not conveying it well, I'm pretty upset about all this."
"Airplane anxiety Yesterday, I was supposed to catch a flight, and I was too anxious that I bailed. I couldn’t get on that plane, now today I’m very anxious still, and still shaken up. I don’t know how to help my anxiety and how to overcome it in situations that scare me. Any advice on how I can get help ?"
my girlfriend is the best and i just love her sososo much i once mentioned that i like it when girls put eyeliner and she has put it for every single date in the past one year  im sooo proud of her and im craaaaaaaaaaaaaaazy in love   wow true love really does exist
"How do I tell my friends that I’m getting bad again So I’ve been in a pretty bad place emotionally, but I’ve never been very good at expressing that. While I will openly tell people what a bad place I’m in, I don’t really know how to “seem depressed.” I’m always cheerful and cracking jokes and smiling, and like, I’m not forcing it. I just don’t know how to allow myself to not seem happy?  Anyway this past week or so has been extra bad for me, it was the first anniversary of my dads death, electricity was almost cut off in my house because of bills, my dog is probably going to have to be put down soon because she’s old and sick.  I know I’m feeling it, I haven’t been able to draw or write anymore and even the feel good shows I rewatch to help my mood haven’t been able to hold my attention. I’m falling behind with upkeep on the house because it’s so hard to get out of bed  But when I talk to my friends or call them, I don’t seem any different. Again I’m not faking or forcing it either, I just naturally make jokes and smile a lot when I talk to them, which is great because it’s like I’m happy, but as soon as they’re gone I feel exhausted and empty.   I made an attempt on my life a few months ago and was laughing and joking the next morning. They never would’ve known if I didn’t tell them, but even then they didn’t worry for too long because of my natural demeanor.  Anyway if anyone else gets like this, how do you let the people in your life know you’re really not okay when you don’t actually know how to seem not okay. Because as it is, saying generally depressed statements if talking about being depressed is the norm for my friends and I."
"This is it. My letter. This is it. It is finally time for me to throw in my hat. I have been trying to deal with the emotional pain that lingers inside me for my whole life, and I am exhausted. The amount of pain that fills my soul is unbearable....some of it justified, some of it not. I didn’t have the courage to follow through so many times in the past for fear of hurting another person emotionally and therefor them feeling the kind of pain I am in. Now, it is time for me to be selfish and to those who are sad now, I am sorry. I have truly tried my best. Therapy, medication, exercise, meditation, hospitalization...whatever you all wanted me to do to try and get better I did....willingly and enthusiastically....desperately trying to escape this turmoil I live in. Why would anyone want to feel like this? I don’t do it for attention. I enjoy positive attention, not this. This is my dirty little secret that I don’t share with too many people because it destroys the image I have created of myself to the public. My career has given me such joy. I truly felt happy giving meaning to peoples’ lives in their final days/months/years. Just making someone smile made my heart so full. I have met a lot of great people through it as well and am so thankful for each and every one of them. You believed in me, supported me through my challenges, and laughed with me to get through tough times. Don’t be afraid to tell others how I died. Make it clear, make it known. This is absolutely dreadful, and I want people to understand what was going on in my brain so you all don’t think I just “took the easy way out” and are angry with me. Look, even after death I’m worried about what people will think of me. After someone commits suicide, people often say that they wished that person reached out more or wished they could have told them they weren’t alone and were loved.  The truth is, that’s not the case. I have been battling this for so many years now that my friends and family are tired of hearing it. People don’t like to be supportive when they don’t feel like they are helping. They back away, create distance, try to keep the negativity away from their own lives. I know they mean well. I know they wouldn’t actually want me to die. But I also have learned that the average person is not capable of offering the amount of support and reassurance to someone who has frequent suicidal thoughts.  I am a bright girl with a bright future, but I am also a girl who literally cannot make herself happy. Of course I want to be happy!!! I dreamt of it every day. Sometimes I even succeed for a little bit. The problem is that I look to other people for my happiness, always have. I can’t seem to produce my own and relying on other people to provide your happiness will always leave you disappointed. This is a totally unachievable way to make yourself happy and is extremely unfair to those other people. I have tried countless activities and hobbies to help create my own happiness and I don’t know why it always falls short. If my emotions were a roller coaster...when I would ride it, I would surely throw up. I want to finally be at peace. I have no idea what there is to come after this life if anything at all...but one has to hope it is better than this. I hope I was a positive light to some of you at some point. I don’t want you to be sad right now or feel guilty. Accept the fact that you did everything you could and that I can finally rest. Even while writing this the thought of finally resting feels so good. It’s time.  Thank you to all of you who are thinking right now that you loved me. Please tell everyone that you love that you love them every day. You have no idea what pain they are hiding inside. What I do know though is that it is human nature to feel wanted and loved. I feel neither of those most of the time. Yes humans need air, food, and water to live but what they really need is that true personal connection with someone. When your brain is as broken as mine you don’t ever feel that.  This is not how I want my life to be, so I am taking control over myself and doing what I feel is the best for me. I love you, even if you didn’t love me. It’s okay, I didn’t love me either."
"I'm feeling so alone Tonight has been one of the worst. I wish I had someone I can open up to and talk about my feelings but everyone just seems to not want to be with me, as if I'm a burden but they're too kind to tell me that so instead they put minimal effort in and keeping me on the edge. But it works, it's enough for me to want to try for them.   They say textbook phrases like ""you can talk to me about anything whenever"" but let's be real that's one of the cruelest lies out there. They say that because they're programmed to say that to anyone that's ""sad"" or ""unhappy"".  Yes, I understand that they aren't responsible to make me feel better, that's on me. They're there to support me right? So why do they SAY they're here to support me but not actually DO anything to support me. Why say things you don't mean?   Also don't make excuses that you ""can't"" spend time with me. Just tell me you don't want to and I'll understand but it's painful to be in a continuous cycle of rescheduling and being repeatedly let down. It's not fair.  Idek anymore."
"Anxiety is comparable to opiate withdrawal The restlessness, the queasy stomach, the emotions, overthinking and a heart that’s about to jump out of your chest. Sweating and crying.  The feeling of not being comfortable with your own self. The only thing is opiate withdrawal stops within a week. Anxiety goes on for ever."
"Alienation and Apathy I come here today to ask for advice mainly because I have pretty much lost most my sense of self.  &amp;#x200B;  I had a pretty abusive childhood, but I won't go deeply into it. My problems began at age 12-13, an intense agoraphobia and anxiety that I since have not been able to quell, I am now in my 20's, I cannot cohabit with people without intense intrusive thoughts of judgement.  &amp;#x200B;  I am currently taking a year out from my university because my anxiety has made it so stressful I can't go to lectures, I can't actually focus due to it, I can go, I can sit there, but the fear part of my brain turns on and stops me from being able to do anything except anticipate this judgement, which I know doesn't happen in any sense that would be particularly relevant.  Details about me that might be particularly relevant:  Male, Early 20's  Bisexual  In a relationship with heavily depressed boyfriend (I love him so much but it causes me so much pain to be perceived as abnormal, I don't like the way people discount our love, he's the light in my life)  No other romantic relationships prior  One or two friends  Been obese, to anorexic to muscular due to obsession with physical appearance(testosterone helps big time)  Working in a minimum wage , low interaction job to pass the time till I go back to university.  &amp;#x200B;  My problem boils down to dealing with the apathy, primarily, I can deal with the ultra depressive moments, they are usually transient and I've developed coping methods but I cannot for the life of me fix this apathy which plagues me. The ability to sit in a room for 5 hours with all the books, video games,movies, tv available, I will just sit on the bed and stare into nothingness.   I do not find any intrinsic joy in other people apart from my boyfriend, I can converse and interact with people no issue, I just do not derive any pleasure from it, no matter the topic of conversation, it can be the most interesting topic you can imagine and all I can think is 'I wish I was at home sitting on my bed right now', the usual recipe people give to depressed people is to be social, why would I be social when I simply do not like being around people?  &amp;#x200B;  The question now changes, how can I entertain myself without other people? Well, I can't do that either, I  used to play lots of video games, read lots of books, watch lots of shit, you know, usual functioning people stuff. Now it 's just...Nothing, absolutely nothing, I struggle to read most books, music is trash, can't hold attention to a TV program for 5mins, even my  anxiety is so bad I go to the gym at dead hours as to avoid any potential interaction, I'm living in some existential hell, I cannot derive any pleasure from my existence. Drugs do not help either, cannabis just makes me into a semi psychotic wreck, most other drugs just make me feel fucking worse, I feel like I am lost and I have absolutely no bearing with which to adhere to and fix my fucked trajectory.  &amp;#x200B;  I don't want to die, but I think without my boyfriend I'd have probably killed myself some time ago.  &amp;#x200B;  I am just very desperate, I need to feel something, I want to be invested.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;"
"Social apps suppose to be simple After all my acquaintances telling me I should use Instagram I started feeling left out in a bad way. So there I went and created an account and posted some pictures (that's what's expected, right?) My hell why would I do that. I keep looking over and over, each time I find something ugly and unpleasant about them (mostly are my face's pictures in random places). I don't know if they are ok, if I'm being ridiculous, or if I'm at any form acting innapropriate. Anxiety triggered as fuck, I open my profile to self judgement all the time... I guess that's just not for me. I guess I don't know how to be normal and enjoy things like everyone else. I feel like I'm constantly worried when comes to any social interaction (even online) to the point I don't enjoy moments of my life that I suppose to. I hate it, and I hate the fact that it makes me hate myself."
"Venting? I dont think anyone really cares but i guess ill post anyway, Honestly i feel kind of guilty as if i have no right to be ""depressed"", sometimes i feel that im just looking for attention but im at my breaking point and i really am just looking at suicide as the only way out. I dont know why though, i have friends and family that care about me, good grades, a job, basically everything i could want. I just think constantly that for the rest of my life im going to have a shitty boring job, and i will work, work, work until i die. Suicide seems like the only way out of this completely meaningless life. The only thing keeping me alive has been the thought of how my friends and family would feel but they're gonna die anyway like the rest of us so why would i care. I already have it planned out but im really trying to think this through because i know it is a pretty big decision."
"Everyone forgets my birthday Its about to be 4 years now. For the past almost 4 years almost everyone has forgotten my birthday. At first it was all my friends and even my best friends, but last year even my grandparents forgot. None of these people even wished me a happy birthday. My brother’s birthday is a month before mine. Yet everyone always seems to remember his. My birthday is coming up in a few days and I just hope this year is better."
"Need another perspective? I had a depressive episode so I moved back home, and have had depression for years but never confided in anyone.   My parents are great and caring, and my mom is even a nurse, like 80% of the time they’re great.  But sometimes my mom can bug me.. like in the waiting room at the clinic while waiting to get recommended for a psychiatrist for depression she says: You still have it right?  Like what?! She has a nursing degree and asked that. I mean she’s usually very supportive but just this small thing makes me very confused. I am doing much better now that I have a routine and am not alone and suicidal everyday but just because you don’t see my depression doesn’t mean My depression went away.  I’ve hid it for at least 6 years and i was very good at it. I’m an actor. But it irks me that she would say that.  I’m 19 and sorta tall sometimes when we’re out shopping or something she talks about things that I’d rather not discuss in the middle of the mall, like “oh, yeah we should discuss when you should attend classes,” and we never discuss this at home.  It feels like she’s justifying my presence, like this is why I’m here with my 19 year old son on a Monday shopping and he’s not in school. Honestly it’s embarrassing and even if Im overthinking it I feel anxiety in public and I really don’t like standing out.  I’m pretty sure my depressions from her side of the family as she and her grandmother have had antidepressants. Don’t get me wrong we’re close and I love her, but sometimes it’s very annoying and any constructive criticism I give the way she responds is never in a way that doesn’t make me feel guilty about pointing something out.  Whenever there’s a problem she seems to blow it out of proportion, and I’ve stopped trying to help because if we go down a wrong street I become implicated in the problem and she makes it feel as if the world is ending even though everything works out.   Sometimes it feels like she lets things go wrong on purpose, I can’t even count the times we have gone out for something and she forgot her bags, or we forgot to bring some package for the post office, or something similar. Whenever this happens she says “oh I should have thought of that” “I’m so stupid” “I should have known” and it makes me feel as if she is expecting me to remind her of these things. I appreciate all the things she does but if it’s something she organizes for example shopping like I have no control over what she forgets to bring but she somehow makes me feel responsible, or at least I do somehow.   I just can’t understand this negative side to her and it seems like somethings always wrong and if it is she exacerbates it, I can’t tell if it’s from her depression if she has low self esteem and is hard on herself if she makes mistakes or makes mistakes on purpose, regardless it affects me.  I know not everything here was directly about depression but I thought because it relates to my situation might as well say what’s on my mind. Does anyone else have perspective on having depressions and living with parents? Im lucky to have supportive parents but sometimes I’m not sure how to deal."
"How long does it take you to recover from an intensely anxious moment? I hope the question makes sense. What I mean is how long does it take for you to return to ""normality"" (whatever that is for you) after a bad anxiety spike.   The reason I'm curious is an unexpected event today (like 11am) ruined me for the rest of the day. Was sort of shocked to realise I didn't just bounce back from it like I thought I would."
Is there anything besides pills that can help Has anyone tried CBD oil for anxiety? Or know if it even helps at all. I've tried different kinds of meds for anxiety/depression. I'm just tired of prescription meds they've all come with a side effect. I don't wanna keep testing more
Talking about exercise is a trigger I get massively triggered when people talk about their exercise/fitness/health journey. Any advice?
minor trivia question: what was the original selling price of a Colt 45 revolver? It looks like the first Colt 45 revolvers were made around 1860 timeframe.  Just curious in 1865 $$ what was the selling price of the gun.
"I had the weirdest experience during a finals exam once - can anyone recognise it? A few years ago, when I was in my final year at high school and writing my final exams, I experienced something really weird. While writing my biology exam, my head just kind of shut off into a kind of dreamland while my hand just kept on writing, even though I had no idea what I was writing. It was like I wasn't really there, even though I was.  I put my head down a few times on the desk. When the exam ended amd it was time to put our pens down, I suddenly snapped back into reality, but I had absolutely no recollection of what I had written down.  Could this have been due to stress or fatigue? I wasn't on any kind of meds or supplements at the time. I never spoke to anyone about this and I really want to know what it was, it it normal, was it a warning sign, etc.  PS - I still passed all of my subjects well, including biology somehow. I am currently trying out escitalopram 10mg, which my GP has prescribed me for anxiety and low mood."
"What can I do for my depressed husband? I'm not trying to ""fix"" him. I just want to know if there is anything I can do to make life easier, or help ease his stress a little."
"Looks like I'm getting literally no sleep tonight. Its currently 4:50am and I have been trying to sleep since 12, but I can not due to my worst anxiety symptom which is difficulty breathing. I feel weak and my eyes are heavy, but despite that I suppose that my body would rather endure this pain than sleep. Oh well. Maybe I'll survive today."
"Drank for ten years with very few days off I drank for ten years with very few days off. I quit today but I’m concerned because for those ten years I probably averaged 6 drinks at night. I don’t have fatigue, or any of the other symptoms except for the abdominal discomfort that comes and goes. Dr google scares the hell out of me and I’ve been obsessing for the past week about getting cirrhosis. Does anyone have anything to say ? Like a similar situation. I am having very bad panic attacks... yes I have family and a regular doctor, but he doesn’t know about my drinking."
"Question : Custody Curious about this. If your ex spouse did not seek joint custody, or something close, do you see it as a parenting failure ? A lot of people settle for every other weekend or that kind of thing. How does it affect your perception of your ex ? * obviously if you live in different states that affects visitation, but I mean couples that are within a feasible distance of one another."
"i can’t enjoy anything anymore i can't enjoy anything anymore  I think my brain is really messed up. Everytime I try to enjoy a situation or want to do an important step in my life, my brain gives me the worst things I could imagine at the moment and then it starts to connect the negative thoughts with the things I like. So I am not able to feel joy anymore, only in really rare moments. Then when I will think back to the situation for example a concert the primary memory isn’t the concert itself, it is the worst negative thought I could have at that moment and it will stuck in my head for maybe weeks or months. Or another example is when I wanted to tell my parents what I do want to study this year I was really scared of my thoughts and the things around me, cause I knew whatever happens I can’t forget it anymore and my whole career I will have that in mind, and guess what, I completely failed there and now I start to think of a different job I could do just to escape from that thoughts. I mean that’s crazy and I know that but repeating things can fix it for me.  I know that I can’t live this way and I really wanna change things in my life, but even in this moment where I’m writing here on Reddit my brain pushes negative thoughts into my mind and in the moment I’m gonna post this, I have to be sure that my brain is free of them, otherwise the thoughts are connected to this post. I really don’t know what to do anymore, I’m feeling like my life is already over"
"I know how dumb this sounds, but I just worked 6 and a half hours outside at a ski resort, now I’m hot and my face is burning. Ok so I’m really worried. 20F I work the lifts and snow tubing and I help clean up at the ski mountain near my house. I worked from 3:00-9:30PM, obviously it was freezing and windy but I’m scared because I’ve been inside for about an hour at my house now and my face is still hot and kind of burning. I am also somewhat dizzy and tired. Feel like I’m going to have a panic attack.   Took my temperature it said 97.7 but I’m scared it’d wrong and I have a fever, or I’m gonna have a seizure or something.   Sorry I sound ridiculous my health anxiety is just flaring up."
"What breakfast foods mess with vyvance? I've been taking vyvance but I feel like some foods are ""deactivating"" so to say, my meds. I know I cant drink OJ and very acidic stuff, but what else will? What are your tips on a breakfast?"
"What in the world is this YouTube pedo thing?! Sorry, maybe I should be r/outoftheloop but I really don’t understand how would be pedos on YouTube. I would never try it but searching something disgusting like pedo videos wouldn’t bring that stuff up. How could there be a whole group catering to people who can’t get to the videos? I feel like there’s no way this stuff would show up on YouTube."
"Really......even around my son So having just joined and looking through I can def relate to the thoughts presented on here, I dont have to contend with any physical symptoms but my mind never switches off the focus of my conversations, even with my son (how is this normal)"
"Only thoughs i have is how i want to die Hello, everything in my life is fucked up, im destined for failure and i cant atop thinking about ways to kill myself. Death i see as biggest releave i can think of, but im not brave enough to do it and i dont want to leave my parents and friends sad because of my death. I dont know what to do anymore, these thoughts will turn me into madmen and my current shitty life will become 100 times worse."
"Shitty luck again $70 behind on rent, gotta pay $146.11 to get my bass guitar back and I just found out I got passed over for a welding job because I don't have my own transportation so I'll continue to be broke for a good minute. Honestly I'm ready to get drunk and clock out"
"Landlord has still not fixed my ceiling and leak. What can I do? Hi guys, I posted this in r/philadelphia and was told to post it here as well.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm currently a college student living in university city that needs some help knowing exactly what my rights are when it comes to fighting my landlord. Over the past several months, I have texted him multiple times to fix a part of my ceiling and the leak that comes out of a small corner. Every time he assures me he will send people to fix it. The people come, and, like clockwork, nothing is fixed, and the ceiling still has a hole in it that leaks out water whenever the water is being used by the upstairs tenants. Finally, I texted him for the last time before our winter break started (December 18) and he assured me he will send a new plumber over the break and everything will be fixed. I came back today (January 16) and not only was nothing fixed, it got exponentially worse (pictures + video will be posted in comments). I sent him a series of angry text messages demanding it be fixed but I need to wait for his responses tomorrow as he is probably asleep.  ​  What can I do to get this fixed? What are my rights in this case? Any help would be appreciated as I am just lost."
Idk just me saying stupid shit I have no one to talk even tho I know a ton of people. Sometimes I want to cry in order to remove the weight of emptiness but I simply can’t. Two years ago my grandma died and she was the person that I probably loved the most but I couldn’t feel a thing. I don’t know what to do anymore. I don’t even have real friends I feel alone I don’t know what do to anymore. My life is completely garbage and I’m unable to change it. Most of the times it’s like I’m going nuts and I can’t realize what is real anymore
"My mind moves faster than I can speak. It's embarrassing watching people's faces change while they try to make sense of what I'm saying, as I'm tripping over my words trying to articulate a thought. I feel like my mind is moving faster than I can speak, and it's affecting my day to day. I suffer from bipolar depression (being treated), and I'm starting to think I may have some sort of mania, especially when I go off and start rambling on for what seems like forever. Even when typing text massages, they seem to be loaded with information (rather than summarized). I also tend to apologize a lot for my lack of socialization, and feel insecure when meeting new people. I wind up realizing and feeling really down for ""stealing the show"" or just talking too much, in general. I guess I'm posting this to try and see if there are any others who have/had similar experiences and maybe get some tips/tricks to overcome it.   Not sure if this is the appropriate sub to post in, but if not please let me know. Thanks!"
"New house in same neighbourhood I’m currently in a situation where my divorce is almost done. We are fairly amicable at this point. Reasonably equal access...STBXW bought me out of marital home, two kids involved 8 and 6 years old. I love the neighbourhood and have the opportunity to purchase a house in it.  Does anyone have any experience with buying so close to STBXW? It’s a few streets over and up a hill. It’s ideal for me because it’s a fixer upper, good size lot, kids routine would be very similar for school.  Any negatives?"
"4 y/o started hitting So a couple of months a go my son attended a birthday party with his grandma. After the party grandma told us he hit kids at the party and even made the birthday boy cry. We talked with our son that hitting is bad, if he gets angry about something he should immediately distract himself.  On Monday his school called us for a meeting, they said he is hitting children if stuff doesn't doesn't go his way, like they won't play stuf he wants to play. We talked again and he promised never to hit again.  Today it happened again. I'm trying to explain him that, I also get angry to bunch of stuff, waiting in lines or times he doesn't dress up but instead hides somewhere. He always says ""yes"" or ""right"" but I don't think we're getting anywhere. I'm afraid he will loose friends and no one will play with him which will make him more sad. He is grounded right now. How should I proceed? How to teach an almost four year old hitting is not okay?"
"Need Help I’m a 15 year old male and need help.  I am diagnosed with Anxiety and Depression.  My view on life is plummeting by the day and I’m realizing it.  I am considering suicide as my final resort.  I am an A and B student but still not good enough for my parents in that aspect.  My parents fight all the time and  never get along anymore.  My sister is becoming distant due to my dad and she was my only vent that I felt comfortable with.  My mom and dad work 12 hours a week and don’t have much time to help me.  I’m in a kinda rich family, I’m successful in school, and I have friends, but nothing makes a difference.  I can’t open up to anyone without being anonymous.  I don’t think I can last till summer.  I need support, anything that might hold me off.   I can’t call hotlines due to my irrational fear of cranking up my parents phone bill and them getting pissed at me.  My councilor isn’t helping all that much.  I’m too scared to open up.  My only escape is videogames, but even that is failing.  Anything helps."
"I cant stop reminiscing Im currently a senior in high school, and for as long as I can remember i’ve been in a state of constantly reminiscing. It can be as recent as a month ago and ill start reminiscing and missing those days and wanting to go back, even though I remember the bad experiences as well I just cant help but want to go back. I don’t know why i do this or how to stop it, but its seriously affecting me to the point where i don’t even stop and enjoy the present anymore because i’m stuck thinking about fun times or how life was like in the past, and how its changed. Is this normal?? Does everyone feel like this ALL the time?? If not, any advice? I don’t even know if this is the right subreddit it was just the first result I saw on google."
"This is my rambling for the day I figure I either hide from my mind in some mindless activity or flood this electronic paper with shit. Will anyone ever read this? I don't know, maybe, who cares.  What is it about humans that makes them incapable of seeing past their own world? We seem stuck looking through only our rose colored glasses rarely realizing that everyone else's glasses are a shade off of ours.   I think I have wasted much of my life trying to the better the person everyone wants but will never be themselves. I feel like I'm the only one listening sometimes. I have lost faith in people, humanity. We are serving no purpose but to hurt one another. It's inevitable.  Today, ya I don't get how seemingly little things become monsters. Out of nowwhere, a simple gesture, a door opened to conversation in good faith becomes the demon that lurks. I suddenly feel as if it's safer in the confines of my mind, in the darkness, yes it hurts me, but I can see it coming. I don't want to talk anymore, I can't trust where my words take me. I can't trust what lay on the other side of a simple word.  I am afraid that if I move the world will bend. I am afraid if I speak the universe will shift. I can't speak, I won't speak, I will cry.  I am depressed, I am ""clinically"" depressed with disassociatove episodes. I am the problem, not you. So it seems, but I wonder now if my incredibly powerful emotions are a blessing. Compassion, empathy, love..... Anger, hate, hurt. I see you because I wish you would see me. I wish you could understand when I say I love you, I mean it, I feel it.   We dont see each other. My God we all want to be seen but none of us want to look. We want to label flaws and document deal breakers. We want to analyze everything into our own fears.  We want people to understand our flaws and less than desirable personality traits but we sure as fuck don't want to understand yours!  We are angered by the differences in ourselves and the loved one before us without ever seeing the picture through their glasses. We are angered by people's reaction to us without understanding it was a reaction. No, instead we label it and put it on the list.  How do I interact now? How do I trust the next five minutes. What magnifying glass will be upon me today? Did I do to much? Say too little? Was I sad? Did I appear off today? How do I know? How do you know? So much unsaid answers the world's questions, but who asks them? Who answers?  I wanted to be open, I wanted to change the right way, become someone who feels like me again. I wanted to talk and understand. But I can't because the world doesn't want me, they want their vision of me. Not mine, not me.  But I am good person, my love is stronger than my anger, my compassion is stronger than my hate. I see you.... Do you see me?  I can't, I won't, make this effort any longer in life. I won't strive to see you anymore. I don't care. To those who I opened my world to for real, you hurt me. You said show me, I did, you used it against me. I don't trust you, I won't trust you with my heart and soul again, I simply can't. You stole my light, used it for yourself and refused to return it.   I'm not suicidal, but I don't want to live in this world anymore. Not the way it is. Not the way we live and treat each other. I am not a demon, I am not a bad person. I am me, no one knows me, even if your sitting next to me.   You don't see me, I'm the happy one! I am the one that lights up the office and brightens everyone day! I'm the funny one, the charismatic one. I'm the one your looking at right know thinking they are really awesome people. Why do you see that? It's not me. It's fake, for you. Don't you see?  But when I show you, me, inside, you hurt me. So I will always be the one who brightens the room, who fills the masses with joy and confidence but I will die alone, cold and tired.  ""No eternal reward will forgive us now for wasting the dawn""  ~Jim Morrison"
"physical anxiety recently I've noticed that every few minutes I will get an adrenaline rush for no reason. I feel hot or sweaty, and it gets difficult to breathe. I feel as if this anxiety is purely physical because I am able to ignore and keep on with my day. the only psychological part of it is the worry that it will happen again, but I believe that it's normal for me to not want to have that unpleasant feeling again. it is not affecting me during the day but at night I am unable to sleep. I haven't had this my whole life, this has just started happening very often. has anyone else experienced this or have any advice to give?"
"I just had a mini epiphany, I think. Sorry English is not my native language if there's any mistakes.  &amp;#x200B;  I have always been wondering why I focus attention on breathing, instead of, say, heartbeat, in a meditation.  &amp;#x200B;  Just now I realize that breathing, while it can go smoothly subconsciously without any of my attention, it can go faster/slower, or deeper/shallower as I wish. You can overwrite it by simply bring your attention to it. Or not. It's up to you, or everyone's selves. It's like a bridge between my conscious and subconscious mind.   &amp;#x200B;  Also, it's like bridge between inside and outside of my body. Air outside, lung and stomach inside. It's like I am witnessing the interaction between me and my outside world, in a simplest form.   &amp;#x200B;  This is probably not that important as we don't need this understanding to make meditation work. But anyway, here's my two cents.  &amp;#x200B;  Happy meditation."
"When you are extremely bored and nothing help what do you do? That shitty feeling of being bored and having no energy to do anything stops me from doing anything I want to, besides listening to music there's nothing that helps me go through the day.(I'm taking meds and everything)"
"Hypomanic and not taking all of my meds... Not only did I miss my therapy appointment last week (I was so busy and I completely forgot because I hadn't been in two weeks due to the holidays), but I never started taking my lamictal like I was supposed to start like 3 weeks ago? Still taking 450mg of Wellbutrin.  I feel amazing like really really  good even though I am going through a lot of financial stress right now.  I'm cleaning and organizing almost all day   and I've posted like 40 items for sale on the market place in the last couple of days.  I guess this is hypomania and I don't want it to stop.  I'm scared of feeling numb.  I haven't felt this good for this long in months.  But today I got a call from the mental health department at Kaiser saying that the psychiatrist who prescribed me the Lamictal wants a follow up with me in a couple of weeks.  Fuck.  Should I lie?  Be honest?  If I'm honest how am I going to justify my decision?  Either way I'm going to feel so ashamed, but I don't regret my decision right now.  😐"
"Update on Trying to Stay Out of the Dark Place I posted about having a hard time almost 3 weeks ago, but I had been doing better over the last week or so. Some of the issues I had been dealing with improved. Things had been going well, but my SO and I got some awful news yesterday. He has had multiple surgeries for Giant Cell Tumors of the bone in his left tibia. Eventually he had a knee replacement complete with a prosthesis to replace the tibia. He had numerous complications, one of which resulted in a horrific surgery that caused significant nerve damage. It's been a long, complicated painful road. We thought the replacement would keep him from ever having another tumor, but at a recent check-up, they noticed an unusual mass. Biopsy confirmed it's another tumor.   I am trying really hard not to just completely fall apart. It feels like it's never going to end. Like this is going to be happening to him for the rest of his life, and therefore the rest of mine, because I love him and I'm not going anywhere. It's just so hard to think about seeing him go through all this pain for nothing and to keep seeing him continue to suffer over and over. He can be put on a low dose chemo, but it increases his risk of it developing into cancer. He would also have to be off of it for at least 6 months if we decide we want to have kids the biological way. It just hurts my heart. I've been sleeping a lot because I don't know how else to cope. I've barely even cried because I'm still in such shock. It doesn't add up or make sense. I'm trying not to be angry at the surgeons, at God, at the world. I don't know how to feel or what to do. I just want to shut down, but I can't."
"I never feel myself belong to anywhere. I can't feel comfortable among people any kind of people group. Bunch of smarts or dumbs even though they love me. I loved someone and felt comfortable just once in my life. And I faced through one of the biggest hypocrisy in my life. She is having fun and happy whereas I am suffering. I want to die, I don't belong this world or it's people I am fated to be alone forever."
This 47 virgins thing that a Muslim martyr gets... Would you call that a nubile prize?
"I’m surrounded by alcoholism. I’ve lost 2 brothers related to alcohol abuse and my middle brother has alcohol addiction as well, but is still with us. Yet, I’m unaffected by it as I rarely drink. My sister is around, but has a DUI record. My significant other has alcohol addiction...  None of my parents drink much either.  My friend invited me to a bar to help get my mind off my brother’s death today and I said no, alcohol is a no go right now."
"Lightheaded and anxiety Anyone else struggle w being light headed due to anxiety? Struggled w anxiety off and on for the last 10 years and have had had my fair share of ups and downs but this has been maybe the most annoying struggle lately.  I don't get full blown dizzy but randomly throughout the day I'll get just a bit light headed and feel like I'm a little unsteady. Never fallen. Room doesn't spin. It's just enough to notice and trigger more anxiety of course!  Went for a regular physical 2 weeks ago and my doc said there didn't seem to be anything physically wrong, which I expected but almost wish there was an answer.  Anyone else go through this often? Been happening for the last couple weeks now. Thanks all!"
"My classmate just told our 60+ year old teacher that she is like wine, better with age."
"Social Media and Small Talk I sometimes find myself getting flak for talking more on social media than in real life, but I only do it because I'm too nervous to do anything but small talk in person. Do you guys have any advice on how I can become more conversationally confident in person?"
"Ghosted Someone a Long Time Ago and They Resurfaced Many years ago I went through a period of internal turbulence. In order to deal with it, I decided I needed a clean break and basically ghosted everyone who I was friends with at the time. I moved, changed jobs, entered into a new relationship, made new friends. Since then I have done this same routine at least one other time, and at least partially so one other time. This is how I cope during hard times and it is something I am trying to understand better and work on. In retrospect it is somewhat sad that I still fall into this routine, even after I have grown in so many other ways.  A lot of the ghosted friends resurfaced over time. For the most part I've dealt with it. Most of them I don't really interact with, even after we became reacquainted. With these people though there was a longer history and more water under the bridge.   Recently I heard from someone I ghosted, who I didn't know for as long, but was a close friend with at the time. It's been almost 10 years since then. We may have briefly spoke in the beginning, but I can't remember what was said or where we left off. I feel pretty shitty about this and am unsure about how to respond. I don't really need a relationship with this person, but I have no reason to need to blow them off again aside from trying to avoid awkwardness. Especially since I don't even remember our last interactions (another speciality of mine - blocking out the past). The whole thing is driving me a little crazy and feels like I'm traveling back in time to a period in my life that I don't really want to revisit. At the same time, I think this person may be owed an apology. I might be using my anxiety as a crutch to avoid the awkwardness. But it is my life and some times we need to make the best decision for own mental health.   Kind of torn about what to do."
"So.. today I learned this thing... About my anti depressant. (Lexapro) I didn't know it causes appetite loss and drowsiness.   I feel bitter-sweet now. On one hand, I feel less anxiety when it's time to eat. On the other hand I feel like it's... Weakened my willpower?   Like I fear once come off it, my appetite will come back full force, I won't be able to control it and I may end up binging... I'm scared..."
"Welcome to April: What are your goals this month? March was....interesting. But it's moved on. April doesn't give a flying fuck about March. We all know an 'April'. She's pretty damn confident and knows she can do whatever she sets her mind to. People doubt April? Psh, what's new. Doubt all you want, but April brings the results.   Want know what's even better? It's Monday! You know how wonderful it is to have the first day of the month start on a Monday? So pure and fresh and a clean slate.   It's Spring and I want you to do some spring cleaning! Marie Kondo the shit out of your life. But here's something she won't tell you to do: bring some more things into your life. Bring in the good and the wholesome and the things that make you feel fuzzy inside. Pet a puppy, read a book, wash your sheets.   I only ask one thing of you: don't strive for perfection this month. Strive for your best. Learn from mistakes. Use them as a stepping stone toward your goals.   Whatever you want to do this month: you've got this!"
"Constant Validation So, one of the things about this community, is that it never ceases to amaze me just how much in common we all have. I mean, some of the shared behavior is really obvious, and it doesn't really surprise me that I read people writing about these similar learned behaviors. Then other little, more obscure things that I thought were super weird, and unique to me, come up in here.   My latest obsession, and believe me, everything I enjoy in life at one time or another, becomes totally fascinating by me, at best...or a profound obsession/addiction...is online dating. I'm sure some of you know when you get a notification on your phone that you got a ""like"" or a response to one of your Facebook posts, your brain is sent a certain signal, associated with love/attention.  I had a trauma in 2009...barely left my house for 8 years, sometimes not talking to any other humans for months. My facebook likes/comments were checked and counted very frequently, Reddit upvotes were important to me for e.g. 3 days ago, I joined some dating sites..Besides work and spending time with people to that I'm obligated to...all I have done is check who has ""liked"" me, ""super liked"" me, messages me, viewed me, winked at me, us ""interested in me..you get the picture. Anyone else have a similar experience?? I feel like online dating/ having BPD are a potentially toxic mix. Not going to lie though..it's freaking awesome waking up everyday to compliments, even if they are lies or hyperbole by total strangers lol.  I'd like to add that one of my close friends has recently been diagnosed with BPD, and imo it's a severe case..I told her this place was a loving and helpful community...just wanted you guys to know..how truly appreciative I am if this group, and everyone who contributes to it. I ❤ you guys."
"Give me a reason to live I’m 19 years old. I have friends and family, but i’m tired of living for them. I’m so fucking tired of everything. I am bipolar type II. It fucking sucks living with this disease. All because I was prescribed lexapro which basically triggered bipolar early (I was bound to have it later in life, but because I took the lexapro, it jumpstarted my manic episodes).  Everyday I feel like a slave. Wake up early for work, go to school, do homework, maybe hang out with some friends and smoke weed. Rinse and repeat x1000000.  “Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem” is the most bullshit statement i’ve ever heard. I have a genetic mental illness. I have this for life. I’m ALWAYS going to have this “temporary problem”. Why delay the inevitable? I’m suffering so fucking much and would rather not exist. I have already attempted suicide half-assedly, (as you could probably tell, it didn’t go very well) and i’m still miserable.  The world we live in is terrible. Everything is based on monetary value and humans just don’t give a fuck that they’re destroying the environment. Shouldn’t we be focusing on exploring the ins and outs of the universe, and preserving our planet? I guess not, because humans are extremely selfish creatures.  I’m just so tired of everything. I barely have the energy to get out of bed most days and half ass everything I do. I have a therapist, and as much as I like him, he really isn’t helping. I feel like i’m stuck in this nihilistic mindset no matter what I do.  Give me a reason to live."
"Tenant Rights Hello,  I had a question in regards to the unit manager/landlord I guess. The manager acts on behalf of the renting company. Today he sent a message saying he could pick up rent today or tomorrow. I texted him back that I had left the rent money on my counter right by the entrance. He said he’d pick it up while I was at work. When I came back he had left a letter reminding tenants that we cannot flush toilet paper or anything down the toilet. Then I went to my bathroom and he had been there. He left two huge ugly stickers that had been there prior to me moving in and that I had taken off because they’re unnecessary. I’m an adult and don’t need sticker reminders and these fucking stickers are also a pain in the ass to remove. My question now is if he’s allowed to do that? He was basically snooping and I don’t like that he was looking around without my consent and while I was not there. Is there anything I can do?"
"An idea i had over this wall US budget shutdown: I won't compromise on wall, says Trump http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-46772724  I’m open to discussion on this topic but i personally dont understand what these politicians have against the wall, maybe I am not well versed on the downsides of it  My conspiracy side tells me that democrat leaders are invested in the illegal human and drug smuggling across the border and want to protect their illegal cash flow."
"My four year old I feel like some of you will get this. I had to take my 4 year old to ER today, because despite near perfect vision, she walked straight into a wooden door today. Like the edge of the door. When the doctor asked if he saw it she replies “yeah but it had just got to the good bit of the song in my head.” 😂🙃  She’s fine. Just a mild head ache that’s now gone. But this is not the first time. 🙃😂"
"Kinda sad. Feeling unwanted. My ex who pushed a pregnancy termination on me just welcomed his second child into the world. I feel quite lonely and worthless from this, as it has only been four months since I terminated mine.   ***i don’t care about your views on it. I’m in med school for Christ sake, it needed to happen.***"
"Caught my wife cheating she is denying it despite having evidence. Long story sh ort I caught my wife cheating, she got a hotel room under her name while she was supposed to be at work. Don't want to get into details but that is the jist of it. Seen her drive off and she said she was leaving work, totally lied to me and now won't look me in the eye and is gaslighting me and saying I have no proof. WIll not explain why she was there.   When I asked her  What were you doing at hotel? She says nothing  When I ask who were you with? noone  When I ask why did she get a room? She says you don't know I was in that room and could have been somewere else. Total bullshit. I am devastated and can't believe she did this.  &amp;#x200B;  Is there any way I can hide money? We have about 280k in liquid assets and was thinking about taking 175k out and throwing it to pay off loans for my dads business. The lawyer strongly discourages it, but there has to be a way.  &amp;#x200B;  Can anyone please tell me if it's possible. I am so angry right now especially the fact that she is denying everything wont look me in the eye and said I was controlling and abusive. Consulted with attorney and they said play nice and kiss her ass and the affair holds no validation in court which I feel is total bullshit."
Happy New Year I guess 3 minutes into the New Year I finish work 1 hr ago and came home to no one. Thought I’d post here to wish everyone else who is lonely a happy New Year and good luck in the year to come.
"I am failing at life. I am failing at college. I am failing at life. I am failing at college.   I’m a 21 year old girl and I remember my first semester of college was pretty good academic wise, 5 classes and I got all A’s or B’s. I went to a university, joined a sorority, but the problem was I had no time for a job and I also was doing really bad social-wise. I didn’t really fit in in my sorority and I didn’t have any friends I actually connected with. I also hated my roommate. I also always had no money because I didn’t have time for a job.   It was all making me depressed so the next semester I transferred to the community college by my home and moved back home. I ended up going from 4 classes, to 3 classes. I also went from having a major, to going undecided.  Then the next semester I ended up taking from 2 classes to one.   And now I only took 1 class this semester and I’m dropping it... I was doing really well until this pandemic started. I don’t know what happened I just stopped caring about this class and it’s too hard to try and salvage it now.  Theres kids my age that are graduating next year. I don’t even have my general eds done. I don’t even have a major. I feel like at this point I’ll never know what I want to do with my life and it makes me depressed. Whenever people bring up that subject I feel shame and disappointment and heartbroken.   I just feel so hopeless. I would go to trade school or something but I am a very petite girl. I’m small and short and I’m scared of a lot of things. I also don’t like how theres a lot of men in those fields because in my experience, a lot of men are creepy and I would hate to deal with that everyday. There’s literally nothing out there for me and I’m a failure. I don’t know why school has become so hard for me. I look at myself and I just see a lazy, talentless, failure who doesn’t know what they want to do with their life."
"I (24M) think I cheated on my gf (21F) again, but I did not mean to (camgirls, porn and infidelity) I’ve been with my gf for a little over 1 year (with a period of about 1 month in total when were broken up).  As background, a couple of months in, we got onto the topic of camgirls. Her view was that it was weird and that she didn't like it, but I was a little more ambivalent (I hadn't really thought about camgirls and had generally avoided that whole area of porn). A month later and she saw on my phone that I had messaged a camgirl, thanking her for a phone call. This was the first and only session I ever had (before and since). Now, I obviously see that messaging her while in a relationship is utterly ridiculous and when I was confronted about it, I came to realise that it was indeed cheating (even though we never explicitly defined camming itself to be cheating). My gf began to have body insecurity issues because the girl had big, fake breasts. I tried to explain that this wasn't my view of reality and did not reflect what I look for in my romantic partners.  Fast forward to the end of November and, after a couple of spells apart from each other, we got back together. On most counts, I (and she) would say I was succeeding at being a better partner.   While we were broken up, I had subscribed to OnlyFans, a service for women to post semi-nude photos (and offer personal services like custom videos and camming). I remember getting an email from the site one day and my gf seeing the notification. I knew she would find out what it was; my view was that if she said something about it (given her insecurities) I would stop, but if not, she was probably ok with it and didn't see it as a breach of fidelity. A stupid assumption, I know. My use of the service was strictly impersonal (but I see now that there is a distinction between this and porn). I never interacted with the three girls I had subscribed to, except to sort out account issues, and the only other thing I did was to purchase one non-hardcore ""advent calendar"" style photo for $3.  A few days ago, my gf (who is in another country over the Christmas break) out of the blue repeatedly asked me if I had ever had phone sex or webcammed a camgirl. I denied it, because I genuinely did not think of my subscription as a cam service - just porn. I did not even realise what she was referring to until she explicitly asked if I had ""paid for any kind of service or subscription since we got back together"". My heart dropped through the floor. I scrambled to admit I had an account and how I only saw it as porn, and show the evidence that I never had sexual interactions (that’s clearly cheating in my view). I also tried to stress that my porn preferences had nothing to do with what I look for in real life.  I gave her my passwords to everything in the hopes of proving that my life was an open book (she also had suspicions that I liked other women while I was with her) - I didn't have any issue with this if it would have helped build trust her in me again. I also told her I would give up porn altogether to make her feel more comfortable about how I viewed her.  Especially against the otherwise wonderful backdrop of the past month, this whole episode has broken me.  I feel like we'll never recover from this. I feel such strong self-loathing. I guess I want someone to say this self-hatred is warranted, so I can at least remove the hope that it isn't. I'm not looking for advice as to whether we should be together at all. I love her more than words can describe (even though she doesn't any more), but I don't want to hurt her. Did I cheat on her again?  TL;DR – I didn’t mean to betray my girlfriend by subscribing to OnlyFans (a paid service for nude photos of specific women). She feels it is cheating (I agree it was cheating when I had earlier called and messaged a cam girl once) and that my view of women in reality is pornstars with big breasts. I never once looked at it as more than porn, but I see that I crossed a line for her. Is this cheating? Do I deserve her, or do I deserve to never see her again? Should the relationship crumble when it was looking so good otherwise?"
Night terrors “stuck in my head”? Ive been suffering from night terrors for several months now. While I don’t usually remember them (typical for night terrors) I tend to have what I refer to as “snapshots” that are just a second or two image or scene from the dream that I can’t ever seem to describe but I remember the feeling of terror.  These snapshots sometimes get stuck in my head in that I can’t stop lingering on them or I’ll be doing something totally normal like washing dishes and it’ll pop into my head and I can’t focus. I’m just wondering if anyone else has experienced this?
"Play this Game If you have the time to kill, try [this game](http://cursors.io)  It doesn't take very long, but i think the experience is worth it. I don't want to spoil it for you, so if you intend to play the game, do so before you read the rest of this please.    .  .  .  .  .  .  I found that game by accident, but because it was interesting enough I kept playing. if you played you've probably realized this at some point, but the interesting part isn't the game, rather, it's the wordless interaction you have with everyone else playing it.  more towards the end of the game the levels are designed such that it takes selfless players to stay behind so you can only proceed by acting in your own best interests.  on my first playthrough i helped when i could, but quickly realized that to advance i needed to stop helping others and only help myself. if there were five of us standing in front of a gate, i could go unlock it and let the other four through, but then i'd be stuck behind with no way forward. everyone else realized that too and it became a game within the game of who would volunteer first if at all.   I feel like this isn't as explanatory as i want it to be, so i'll cut to the important part.   this game taught me that selflessness and altruism don't benefit you. they benefit others, but not you.   the second time i played the game, i did so with this lesson in mind. i didn't help anyone and acted only to finish the game myself. eventually another player would come along and let me through, but they would pay the same cost by staying behind.  What i realized though is that while acting selfishly benefits me, it's only possible because selfless people enable it. if everyone were to only act in their best interest, no one would ever advance, and no one would ever finish the game.   It's uglier in words than it was in feelings, so i'm hoping that you feel this in person rather than reading it in text. Regardless, i think that playing this game is a positive experience. While it might not fix you, feeling empathy after having felt nothing at all definitely helped me."
Lost my phone and need to talk feeling suicidal I don’t mean to sound dramatic.. I haven’t really got the streangth to articulate how I’m feeling in this post. I’ve been trying to get on a suicide chat online for ages and it ain’t working. Does anyone have time to talk?
Stuck. Does anyone else struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts but everyone around you seems to have there own issues and takes all your actions the wrong way.  I play a good happy person on the outside but I'm not.
Focus and motivation Hello how can I utilize my meditation settings so that I am able to focus on boring tasks?
"Are you as terrible at picking up choreography as I am? For the life of me I can't put dance steps in order. My body wants to do every step all at once. No idea if that's an ADHD thing, tho."
"Trapped...sucked into feeling better because of a movie We’ve all been there...you watch a movie, you feel connected, “this is my life”: realistic or metaphorical, it doesn’t matter, you feel less depressed because you identify with what you are watching.....as is the same with me right now.  The problem is, tomorrow, when you wake up, sober up, etc......the movie is over and you are the only one that watched it and connected to it.  You’re problems/enemies didn’t watch the movie, and if they did, they def were not thinking about you while they watched it.....so there is the dilemma.... I’m still a bag person when the movie is over, but for the 2 hours it was on, I felt like a normal person.   I think it’s twice as brutal to know you aren’t a great person, have a sense of hope and normalcy, then when the credits role you go straight back to remembering that you’re friends aren’t your friends anymore."
"Every one's asking me if I'm sick, or if i'm upset, or if I'm OK. Preface: I'm an intravert, I have avoidance issues, and anxiety, and who knows what else, cause I *avoid* getting myself checked out.  'Dealing' with it for a few years now.  Anyway...  My sister got married last weekend.  YAY!  There was 4 days of family gatherings and excitement and things to do.  I knew it was going to take a toll on me, and I knew I was going to want to hide from the world, but I pushed through and did the all the things.  My sister knows me pretty well, better than I realize, because she asked me to do several things (some important) and then asked me, with that look in her eye, ""are you SURE you can handle this?""  I was sure, I love my sister, and I couldn't let her down!  I made myself sick by Monday, and had to cancel a breakfast, but I bounced back in the afternoon and finished the fourth and final day's tasks.  (taking family to the airport)  Two days of me-time, and back to work on Thursday.  I'm exhausted, and tired, and irritable.  Regular work stress is NOT HELPING!  But I can usually hide it.  ""Fake it till you make it,"" right?  But I can't do it right now.  One person asked me If I was mad yesterday, and was a little uneasy around me today.  Another (who usually doesn't care) asked me if I was sick.  I guess I look ill.  My brother was the last to leave town today, and stopped by the restaurant (I'm a chef) for lunch before he left for the airport, and said I look troubled.  That one hit the hardest, cause we see each other maybe every other year.  How would he know?  I don't want to have a week of everybody asking me if I'm OK.  I'm NOT OK, but I don't want to talk with my coworkers about it.  I need to recharge my happy face.  I did open up a bit to my brother about it, all the family stuff is exhausting, but we only had a few minutes before he had to leave, so I don't how well I explained it.  So, really have no idea what I'm posting this for, or what kind of help I need, but it feels cathartic to type.  And I'm gonna hit ""submit"" and I'm NOT going to delete this text wall and close the tab and go get another soda.  Anyway, just venting, I guess. 😐"
I feel weakend I get panic attacks when I have a light cramp in my abdomen (in a bathroom way). I have had 3 terrible panic attacks and a handful of light panics. Every time I have a attack I feel weak. Lately I’ve been more anxious now and getting fed up with it.  Does anyone have a similar problem
"Here are some tips for those really struggling with social anxiety 1. stop looking down- the moment you start looking down in any social situation your in, you immediately become uncomfortable and then you start to think about whether other people are looking at you,  judging you... If you keep your head up and look around, you wont have to worry about whether people are looking at you your judging you. 2. lay on your floor and breathe- For a long time when I was in class I would shake really bad and I had trouble breathing because of my anxiety, later I found that I could fix it by simply laying on my back everyday for at least 15 min and just focusing on my breathing and relaxing, the shaking didn't completely go away at first but eventually it diminished. 3. stop thinking negatively- I know, it sounds impossible and it will take some time, but anytime your anxiety is getting the best of you, just try as hard as you can to clear your mind and think of literally anything else once you do this you'll notice that you have a better outlook on situations throughout your life. 4. except how you are- It's not your fault that you have social anxiety so don't keep putting yourself down and understand that your doing the best you can to keep going. The guilt you pile on yourself is unnecessary and can only cause you more pain. 5. Stay away from drinking caffeine- When I first got social anxiety I was drinking nothing but soda at the time, and it was around the time that I began shaking in class and couldn't control it. So, I stopped drinking all soda with caffeine and I mostly drank water. After this I began to notice that not only had my shakiness decreased, but I also felt less anxious  6. Maintain a routine- when you have no order in your life and more things begin to pile on, it will seem like your whole life is falling apart. If you have a routine your more likely to stay grounded and hopefully become better than before.  Thanks for reading, I hope I've helped someone with some of these suggestions."
Krassensteins individually violate spam rules on Twitter (see all Trump tweets) and now have to reply back and forth to each other to avoid more spam violations Check out any current Trump tweet and compare to tweets a few months back where the POS Krassenstein bros would post 5-6 continuous replies. Now they have to bounce back and forth off of each other to avoid spam violations.   Still sounds like coordinated (and paid for) spam to me. Report
"My therapist This is gonna be a short post but i guess i just want other peoples perspective on it. After every session with my therapist he asks me if there is any point in continuing therapy which makes me feel like an unsolvable case... i dont know what to do, i dont have the balls to tell him what i think of him."
"How many of you guys are on medication and does it help you? I have Zoloft, Klonopin, and Propranolol. My favorite is Propranolol cause it basically blocks adrenaline and therefore the physical symptoms of anxiety.   Anybody else on meds?"
"Do you guys have any Podcast recommendations that help depression or at least distract from it for a while? Hey guys. Was wondering if you all had any recommendations for podcasts that you feel has helped you. I like listening to them, but always find it hard to find something that can at least be a little distraction for the darker days. Any genre."
"I’m not living, I’m simply existing. After difficulties last year with BPD and anxiety I moved back home with my family and left my job after making sure I had adequate savings.  I know ultimately I will need to look at being independent and getting a new job/apartment eventually but right now I’m content. Next month I start a 15 month program of DBT therapy.   It makes me sad because I am not living, I am just existing right now.   But that is comfortable, it’s safe and it’s the easier option.   Will it always be this way? Shying away from living because I’m terrified of my emotions? Because I can’t cope with day to day life, relationships, friendships, being social.   I just wonder if anyone else feels this way?"
I need motivation. I’ve been having a ROUGH few weeks and I can feel it all coming to a head now.   I need to get out of bed. I need to wash my hair and take a shower. I need to pack for a trip I’m taking tomorrow.   Someone help motivate me.
"Alright, hear me out. Does anyone get anxiety when it comes to people not texting you/snap chatting you as much? In my case though it’s with girls. Background info....I have a girl who Is basically a FWB and we snapped a lot but last time we actually had a conversation  was when I wished her happy birthday which was 7 days ago. Her response was fine and perfectly normal and I know she got busy because she literally went out every night that week of her birthday and she even sent me a snap saying Christmas week was such a long week. Then New Years came around which she went out again. I’m flying to see her on the 18th and the past month has been perfectly fine but just these past 7 days I guess I haven’t got the same attention that I’ve been getting this past month. Im pretty sure everything is fine and that she is busy but how do I tell myself to calm the fuck down and not worry about how she’s not snap chatting me the same amount. Yes we do snap chat every day. We live in different states and only text each other very often anyway.  I know this probably seems stupid but idk why but I get anxiety on the fact that it’s different and not the same on the communication level between us."
Appetite totally gone? Has anyone else lost all desire to eat while on their meds? I know it’s listed as a symptom but not only do I not have an appetite but food just never sounds appealing! I’m 25 and for the first time in my life I am taking meds and in the last month I have eaten maybe 1 meal a day sometimes I just don’t eat at all.
"I'm the middleman for my friends Every time two of my friends who dont know each other meet for the first time, they become better friends than with me, I feel like I'm just there in the background, an npc who just helps people find other people but cant find a person for himself, just dragged along because I helped them find each other. I don't know how my friends feel about this, and to be honest, I'm too scared of asking."
How often do other Cyclothymics switch between the phases? I want to know how long each state usually lasts for you or what time or thing typically triggers you to switch. For me I can’t even tell yet I was only recently diagnosed and I am learning myself.
"Free Mindfulness App 'minding' Hey Guys. So I've been working on a mindfulness app for the past 3 years which has just launched.  The bulk of the app is a course that covers: cultivating calm, focus, sleeping better, watching thought patterns (and what's behind them) and coping with anxiety and stress. There are no subscriptions, it's just a one-off payment of £/$ 4.99, but it's free until midnight tonight.  Go to www.minding.life to download"
"The more i meditate the less i want to eat meat / animal products I've noticed that since i started meditating, my desire for animal products has been substantially squelched. I am in no way a self proclaimed Vegan / Vegetarian, nor do i plan to be, because I absolutely love eating meat, especially cured meats. But ever since i started meditating regularly, I've noticed that my desire for such things has gone down drastically.    I've also noticed that if i do go out and have a big steak dinner every once in a while, I feel a bit off center for the next 24 hours.   Does anyone feel the same?"
"Whatever... I can't seem really enjoy things anymore. Everything I do, has this ""blanket"" of meh around it. I just feel numb all the time. I feel like the only time when I do feel something is when I'm drinking."
I don't know what to do anymore Ok here's the deal since this corona lockdown nothing has changed in my life. I had a dark past at beginning puberty but now this times are over. For 3 years and because of it I'm now 3 years in complete isolation. I lost my social skills have complicate social annexity. Im total shy and insecure about everything and sit 24/7 home. I tried in the time 3 times to break free of my isolation but failed all. The first I tried to get well with normies( I met some times with people off my class)but I'm so far away from western society it just doesn't worked with them since I have wierd interests and probably some kind of autism and political views that don't fit in any movement or group after I gave up that I tried it with political movements at first the right what ended in me getting humiliated because someone doxed me and my chats and everyone laughed about me being gay and second I tried it with the left what ended in me almost getting raped by a old speaker on rally's (yes I can prove this) everytime I try to find some friends or a relationship it ends in humiliation and me crying in a pillow and falling deeper into depression . I also fucked the relationship with my parants up because of political and some other private reasons there are 3 people I have a good relationship with my grandparents and one friend that stood loyal to me but I don't see him often because he has shit tone of other stuff to do. My life is nothing but sitting alone in my home I lost hope in breaking free because I get hurt everytime I want to find friends or a relationship if someone has any useful Tipps or can help me somehow alse I beg you please pm me I life like this for 3 years now and I don't know how long I can handle it.  I know one thing for shure it won't be 50-60 years
"I’m getting tired of having to give so much energy to interact with people I just want it to be easy. It shouldn’t be hard to say “here” when my name is called in class. It shouldn’t be hard to hang out with people that invite me over. None of this makes any sense. I’m in the middle of college, where apparently everyone is social, and I can’t help but think I’m happier in my dorm room crying instead of going out. If I go out, I just instantly think that everyone hates me. Shits tiring"
"Do I have ED or something else? Or nothing? Once a year I question myself - what if I have ED? I then think that I don't have it but the issue never completely goes away.  So recently I started eating less, I started eating twice a day - like a real meal and then some snacks. It is not enough for my body because I still feel hunger. I am hungry 80% of the time. I wake up at 1 pm, I am usually already hungry, then I lay in my bed for a couple of hours because I don't feel like doing the dishes and cooking a meal. I am too tired to do all of those things and that's because I don't eat enough food. I have to feel extreme hunger to get up and eat and I have to talk myself into doing it. So there's that.  I am not constantly in this state. These episodes only happen to me when I'm stressed out. I get stressed out, then I stop eating, then I get even more stressed out and the cycle continues. It's like I don't prioritise eating over other things I have to do like homework and studying. I also had a theory that I restrict myself from eating when I feel like I don't deserve food. I still have this feeling sometimes.   I feel like it doesn't qualify for Anorexia Nervosa because I don't count the calories. Maybe it's a form of self-harm? I always end up with a thought that it's not bad enough to seek out for help. I cope with the episodes somehow but it always comes back. What do you think, guys?"
"I really need some help... I don’t know how to control myself sometimes and it is effecting mine and my boyfriends relationship. My boyfriend keeps telling me small lies all the time because he is worried about my reaction even though I keep telling him he needs to stop lying because the reason I get so mad sometimes is that he has lied. He doesn’t seem to understand this and now last night there was something I was uncertain about (it wasn’t a huge big deal but it was important to me) and he spent a long time telling me it wasn’t true and it was just my emotions making it seem true so I felt reassured but today I have found out that it was true and he lied for a long time convincing me it wasn’t. Now I get why he does it sometimes, the way I respond or act makes him think I am going to get mad and he wants to avoid that, but now every time I ask him something I feel like he isn’t telling me the truth.   I don’t know how to control this I have constant worries about he is lying to me even about really important issues. I have spoken to him so many times about how this makes me feel but he keeps doing it. I know I’m crazy sometimes and he knows I’m trying to improve because I really am, but I don’t know how to process last night I have nobody to talk to and everything seems so uncertain. All I want is for us to be in a happy honest relationship but it seems so unlikely!"
"I wish I was a doormat. Sounds weird, I know, but I'm one of those people who can't hide if they're upset or angry. I *have* to discuss it with my partner and it gets to be too much. He's told me it would be nice if I was a doormat because he's tired of hearing about my fears in regards to him going out with friends or joining a club or something equally social.   I wish I wasn't so communication obsessed and such a crybaby. I hate myself but apparently not enough. Sounds twisted but I aim to be one of those people who doesn't care to inconvenience anyone. For the past few years it seems to be all that I do."
"How can you get people to understand? My anxiety has really frustrated my boyfreind for a long time now. A lot of times when i think hes mad he is only frustrated, but i dont really know the difference. Either way he shuts down. He often gets frustrated when i share my anxieties with him unless they are somethimg he beleives are a legitimate threat to me in which case he is very supportive and loving. Based on what hes said I think when i get anxious, he doesnt want to indulge me because he thinks it will encourage me to keep being anxious. Hes even at times purposefuly made my anxiety worse for the sake of trying to make me tuffen up. I try to explain that this doesnt work but he thinks im not listenimg to him when i do, and then he gets frustrated. He says i win, but then continues the behavior. Not always, but when i give my side to things nomatter what kinds of language i use to try and come off as not angry or try to not come off as attacking him, he temd to feel attacked and wont hear me or try to understamd my point of view. He is trying so hard to be a good boyfriend. Its so hard not knowing when things are bad, or when my anxiety is making things seem bad. Sometimes i need reassurance or calmness from him but it feels hard to get. He thinks im silly. I dont even really know what i need from him. Do any of you know what i am looking for from him? I think havimg a list would help us."
"manage to let go of my fear of disappointing people, will probably regret it later but i’m content atm as the title says, i’ve manage to realise that what i’m doing is not doing me any good. i’ve come to a different country for uni only to realise that people treat me differently based on where i’m from and how i look like. this year my mental and overall health declined a lot, i’m in the worst mental state i’ve been and in the worst physical state as well so i decided to quit. i feel bad about and i know that people will hold it over my head just so they can say that ‘the told me so’ but i’m ready for it, i feel relieved in a way, but there’s a lot we have to get done before being able to leave this place and mental state and i’m aware it’s gonna be hard and it’s gonna get worse, but i’m just hoping that something good will come my way.... if not, then i’ll just have to cry about it until i handle it...  i apologise for the format, i’m on mobile so i’n not sure how it’s gonna look but as a nice ending note: you not being able to do something people have doubted you about doesn’t mean you’re a failure, you tried or you didn’t, it doesn’t matter, you don’t owe people anything, you don’t owe them being depressed just so you can ‘prove them wrong’, think about yourself first and no matter how much it hurts.... let it go, you’re gonna do good.    i wish you guys nothing but love"
"Loneliness kills I’ve been alone my whole life. No family. No woman to love that loved me. It really is getting close. Women never did take to me, and it’s way past being to late. I’ll be 59 soon and there’s no one out there that I would want who would want me. I’m really bitter on life, and to be honest, I just wanna go."
"Documentary recommendations The title basically says it all .. looking for something within the realms of aliens, mind control / altered states of consciousness , hollow earth , Antarctica .. basically all recommendations welcome ! Hopefully this thread can become something people use often for new docs !"
"I have a date and I have social anxiety. Any advice? Im so anxious in social situations, let alone a date. I don't want to bail out.... Any advice you can share from past experiences?  (Im a male by the way)"
"Tiny firm round skin/vein colored bump on top of vein This is the first thing that I think isn't a false alarm. Its been there for months, hasn't changed, painless. Bump gets firmer depending on blood flow to the vein."
Basically I was getting my life together just before my exams . that is what I really needed to be motivated to study to get decent grades. However today I had a fight with my dad. He told me I am a loser that the degree I chase after is useless and he does not want to see me anymore. That brought up past feelings in me since I had many fights with him in my past. The last few years our relationship was somewhat neutral. But now everything is going downhill and I am falling back down again. But yeah he is right I am a loser and a disgrace. I have tried for years to change it but I cannot go anymore. The pain is to much. I am thinking of getting drunk and drive against a tree or jump from a bridge. Fml. I was doing so good but now I just want to die.
"How do charitable donations work? So this thursday, I am going to make a $350.00 donation to a charity. I have never done my taxes before as this is my first year working, and I also do not know how charitable donations work. Can anyone explain how this works, and when I would file it?"
I get extremely angry and want to kill myself. If anything bad happens to me I will kill myself. The world is against me and I would not be so angry if it was not for them. If no one helps me and things get worse then I will do it. it is not fair and I should not be ostracized by society for having certain thoughts and feelings. I will kill myself because fuck the world. I am extremely angry a lot
"My psychiatrist said the ""R"" word today... ""You are in **remission** of your borderline symptoms.""   We acknowledged that I still struggle with thoughts that have ""characteristics of borderline."" I will still continue therapy and the consistent use of skills. Overall though... I did it. I'm doing it. I am taking my life back from this horrible illness that caused an extreme amount of hurt and pain.  And guess what? You can fucking do it too, so keep working hard my friend."
What book did Anne Frank write after running 10 miles? Mein Cramp.
"Source of comfort, for one distressed Someone in need, need I digress? Vulnerable in heart, kind in soulFinally someone to controlYoung in body, naive in mind Give it here, it is mine A helpful teacher, someone to trustWhat a fool, used for lust There is no one, I am aloneI kneel before the liars throne To long now, I am stuck. Forever yours, I AM STUCK Like a fly, drawn to rot Could have guessed, or maybe not Like a fly, drawn to sweet A pitcher plant, is not that neat?Sickly sweet, perfect songYou planned, did not you...? All along. Poem, unable to sleep. Thanks for reading. Weird formatting. Two line stanzas do not work well on mobile. Pitcher Plant - poem"
"Waking a Sleeping Student I have a middle-school student that chronically sleeps in class. Not just my class, but in almost every subject.    How do I wake them up and how do I keep them from going to sleep again?  I don’t want to embarrass them—but it takes more than a polite tap on the shoulder.   Parents have been informed. Parents are supportive and can’t seem to come up with reasons why this student is falling asleep so often.  No medications.   I suspect this student is undiagnosed ASD.  My principal has written a letter for the parents to take to their pediatrician describing the situation. Hopefully something can be found. But until then, I need to keep them awake."
"What do I do? This perpetual state of being lost gets worse by the day, and I don't think I can handle much more. Today a friend pointed out that I've been progressively getting more and more self destructive and self defeatist. I've been feeling in a state of free\-fall, lost in my own mind, unable to make sense of anything for the better part of a year and I think today it has actually caused me to lose a good friend.  I was diagnosed with clinical depression and received some therapy for that a few years back but... I haven't really gone to more than a handful of sessions at all because of me moving countries with my family a couple of times. It sort of has been this perpetual downwards motion for me since then and I'm having difficulty finding the willpower to find help.  I just don't know what to do anymore, this feeling is starting to seriously impact my work which makes me just feel worse overall and that just cycles back until I inevitably will get fired. What do I do? How do I cope? How do I get rid of this anxiety of constantly failing yet making decisions that cause things to fail? I feel so hopeless.  The part that gets me the most is that today just felt like a day that wouldn't go wrong, and everything did. Now I have this terrible headache from hitting my head against a wall a few times, which doesn't help me make sense of everything."
Please help me make sense of this. Can someone NOT technically be an alcoholic but still go through a massive personality change after a drink or two? Is that even a ‘thing’? Anyone else affected like this? Love to hear thoughts and experiences.
"CA proof of residency Hello, I was wondering if anyone on this sub could help me figure this out. I recently turned 21 and im looking into buying a handgun. I then found out you need to have proof of residency, problem is I dont have any bills in my name and the vehicle I drive is registered under my parents. I did have to renew my license and got that new REAL ID. Can this be used to purchase a handgun? Since you have to prove residency for it. If not, what can I do? If anything! Thanks in advance for the help and replies :)"
Just watched 'The Drummer and the Keeper' film I am interested to hear your thoughts on the film. Whether you enjoyed it. Whether you thought it was a good depiction of bipolar. Is there anything you would have liked it to expand on?
"What do I need in court for child support and spousal support hearing OK ..I have read through enough posts to know I might get showered with ""**get a lawyer yesterday.""  got it!**  I am going through a likely amicable divorce in Virginia with no custody issues -my 17 year old wants to live with her, and I think he will be with me as much as he wants.  Today --after only being separated for 6 days, I was served for the child support and spousal support hearing. I DO NOT WANT TO GET A LAWYER (yet)     My question is: What do I need to bring into that hearing?  I was thinking a spreadsheet showing my bills, my debts and obligations.   I am told that in Virginia all that doesn't matter because child support is a formula and spousal support is calculated by something called the Fairfax rule, but I don't know if all VA counties subscribe to that.       Thanks in advance."
"How to tell someone I keep trying to kill myself? So, I'm 16 and I have tried or come close to killing myself every day for the last week and a half. I took an od last night and then got scared and threw it up. I don't know if I will do something tonight, I probably will try or come close to it. I feel so helpless. If I had left the house in the last 9 days I would have jumped off the bridge very close to me or just ran off. I can't go outside because of my eating disorder, as I am so ashamed of how I look currently that I avoid all my mirrors, and can't stand the thought of someone seeing me. This means I might not go to therapy next week and I am scared something bad will happen, or if I do, I will likely end up lying.   Someone knows, and has been there every time I have said things like this, and refuses to leave,but I'm finally pushing them away as I feel them getting more frustrated that I know nobody cares about me or something of the same variation.   I don't know what I am supposed to do. If I talk about this I will probably end up sectioned and I cannot miss school and I haven't been revising for my gcses in a month. I am scared I will be forced to eat or open up about my ED (not an option) and my parents will be told and have a conversation (not so supportive) and I can't stand that. I can't go on pretending I am not a risk to myself, but I don't know how to start the conversation. Any help greatly appreciated."
"Growing up never had social anxiety. Now I've developed adult social anxiety??? Have I just grown to become a sensitive person, so much that it's begun to give me anxiety in social settings? I never used to feel this way. Feels like just yesterday I'd be fine in all kinds of social settings, heck even chuckle at my partners' struggles w/ social anxiety. Is this karma for giggling at them :/"
Wanting to get more views on Snapchat Do you guys think maybe 10 of you could drop your snaps and we could get more views together? I really hate seeing my views only show 40 wishing I could be like the cool kids that get 100+
Idk Can we all agree that there would be nothing wrong if everything just stopped existing
"Polymer80 and 80% AR Ok so i am 19 and live in Florida I have two polymer 80's and one ar that i finshed building, i would like to know would i be able to take them to a gun range and shoot them?"
"My domestic partner (32m) relies on my(32f) job for insurance, got a new job offer but only covers spouses I got a job offer today, but their health insurance doesn't cover domestic partners, I also interviewed at a large international company (not sure how that went) but they do cover domestic partners. I've suggested to to my partner (32m) of 7 years we just get a quaker marriage license(we live in PA) so he can stay on my insurance, but he's not really thrilled with it because he thinks it would take the magic out of it. But I've said it can be between us and our witnesses and we can do the whole formal thing in the future and no one will know. I'm completely miserable at my current job which is why I've been looking.  I'm not sure what to do.  TL;DR: My partner is freelance and depends on me for insurance, I received a job offer with a company that only covers spouses, I want a just on paper marriage so they will be covered, they don't want to do that because it will remove the specialness of being married."
"Feeling Like My Friends Don't Like Me So I'm a freshman in college and I really like the school that I'm at. At the beginning of the year I befriended a lot of people on my hall, and we all still hang out today.  Well, sort of. After some time they started leaving me out of stuff. They created a group text that I was not included in, they'll sometimes go to dinner without telling me (I usually eat with them), and they'll go out and do things without inviting me. For example, the other night they went and snuck into our football stadium while I was literally just sitting in the room (given, I did have the door closed, but still, they knew I was there), something that I have been saying I wanted to do for a while. Sometimes, I'll ask to go with them, and they always say sure, but I can't help get the feeling that they roll their eyes and are annoyed that I'm there. On the other hand, sometimes I have really good conversations with them all, and it's not like I'm completely shut out from them. When I do go with them, everyone seems like they have a good time even with me there.  Still, sometimes I feel like they're laughing at me behind my back, and I become hypersensitive if I think I hear my name in a conversation that I'm not in. I really want to believe that they don't hate me, but I don't have the guts to bring it up to any of them because I'm afraid that will just annoy them even more. Plus, I'm rooming with some of the guys in the group next year, so I don't want to create an awkward situation.  I don't really know what to do"
"A joke from Israel One guy is driving his car in Tel-Aviv, looking for a parking spot. It's a busy day, and there's absolutely nothing available. So he starts praying to God. ""Please, God, I need a parking space. Help me. I promise to go to the temple every Saturday, I promise to fast on Yom-Kippur, I will give money to charity, anything. Please help me find parking!"". And indeed, in a few seconds he sees a car pull out, vacating a great spot. So he says ""Okay forget it, I'm all set""."
"I think I retreated into my mind from moderate neglect and some abuse growing up, I watched a lot of television. I think I understand why I am how I am. I believe that the way I've grown up caused me to retreat into myself,  ultimately losing connection with reality a lot of the time... I watched am enormous amount of television and slept a sickening amount.   Now as an adult I respond to things like I learned to in movies I saw (not exactly but as closely as I understand based on my minimal emotional maturity. )  I think singularly,  like a character in a movie is,  that's how I understand life,  as centralized around one person - me.  I act like a narcissist,  I write, think,  live and am one,  but I'm understanding things differently now.    I'm just now learning how to think outside myself (at 35) and while refreshing its also overwhelming and confusing because it's new and hard to process and remember to think like this.    Has anyone else learned or lived like this?"
"Annnd THERE’S the downward slide Posting because, like seeking treatment, you tend to when you’re depressed and not when things are energetic and manic. Been taking stimulants for so long that now I realize, I was taking more than usual (for school), that I realize I was self-medicating. Bummer. Oh well, more espresso, less depresso."
"Very thick calves Hello, so I’m looking for some advice. I am 6’3 about 180lbs, and my calves are almost as thick as my thighs. They look super weird and it’s close to impossible to find pants that I like. (I’m 23 so skinny jeans are sick) I don’t really work them out often at all, I do tend to walk on my toes, and have since I was about 13 it’s just naturally the way I walk at this point.   I was wondering if any of you have experienced something like this and maybe had any tips on how to slim them down?   Thanks for all help in advance!"
I’m trying to understand how to deal with the answer I got for why I was unfriended on FB 🥺 cuz it’s making my anxiety shoot through the roof cuz I don’t understand what she means when she said why she did it or if she actually still wants to be friends. So there’s this girl I met at a party a few years ago. She’s a real spiritual person and we have very similar interests  Anyhow I got really sick for two years and I didn’t post often or get to see her during that time and yet we still stay friends on Facebook.   Eventually I got well again and she invited me over to a meditation and it was really nice and everything seem just fine  Then not even two weeks after that she unfriend me?!  So I friend requested her. Then I immediately messaged to ask her if I did  anything wrong to cause it and she says  “No not at all. sorry if I hurt your feelings I just don’t see you post on here a lot. But I still have you on Instagram”    But even if I’m not that active why are you going to unfriend me?   and I literally liked a LOT of her posts over  these years so why the sudden unfriend?   I’m wondering if she felt hurt/ ignored because she did invite me to another gathering via facebook and I didn’t respond because my social anxiety make me freeze up so I was waiting to think of whether I should say maybe or yes or no.   And then I also recently stopped liking her stuff just because I’ve been busy working on myself and she posts like 10 times a day so I get fatigued liking everything she posts.   I told myself not to say anything else but I couldn’t help it and I basically begged her to be my friend by saying   “ well I’m definitely still here I just don’t post a lot so is it cool if we are still friends on Facebook since I guess you just thought I wasn’t here anymore?”    And she said “Sure. Just send me a request. I’ll be on here later.”    I said  “Ok cool”   And she “reacted” with  this emoji 😍  First of all 1)  And what does she mean she’ll be on there later when she’s on there at the very moment she’s asking me to send her a request?????  2) yet I get a lovey dovey emoji???  3) I waited an hour and left and I’m still on “pending request”  or whatever it is.
"Determinism and Free Will First off, this might sound ridiculous but this thought has consumed my every waking moment for the past few weeks.    I consider myself pretty rational. I don't believe in a God or any other supernatural or paranormal things. I've found science the only viable way of finding objective truth in our universe. Growing up in a religious family, I've always been told that God gives us free will: we can choose between right and wrong, what we do with our lives, etc. In the past few years I have left the faith for many reasons, primarily because I just can't find any evidence supporting the existence of God. Recently I have found myself dwelling on the concept of free will. Without any sort of ""magic"" in us (e.g. a soul), all of our actions, thoughts and emotions are the result of neurons firing in the brain. These neurons have been wired based on our genetics and life experience, things which we have no control over. All of us then, are essentially extremely complicated, fleshy supercomputers, and when given an input we will respond to it predictably based on our brain wiring.   I think constantly about this and it's made me extremely depressed. The conditions which will shape my brain, thereby shaping my decisions and my life, were destined by the arrangement of molecules in the Big Bang. No matter how free I think I am, I am simply doing what I have to do, based on the laws of physics which dictate which neurons fire and which do not. I've started to feel detached from reality. Every decision and action I do was destined to happen. I see people on the news committing horrible crimes and become even more depressed because I know that these are humans which were born into conditions in which, due to their upbringing and genetics, were destined to commit these crimes.  Am I thinking about this wrong? Sorry if this sounds crazy. Someone please help me deal with this. I wish I could force myself to go back to believing in God and being somewhat happy."
Cold feet ? does anyone else get cold feet randomly even in warm days? and what maybe the cause?
I just signed an offer letter and am freaking out thinking i did not get the job for some reason Can someone talk me down so I don't go manic? I signed an offer letter for my first job out of college and am freaking out because I have to turn other offers down but I haven't received a response from my submitted offer letter so I feel like I'm in limbo and I'm drowning in uncertainty.
"I wish I could have never existed. Let me preface this by saying I'm not suicidal. I don't want to die. I don't want to hurt myself. That just takes the problems I have right now and selfishly shoves them to my friends and family.  But I wish I'd never been born. I wish I could go be un-born. I wish a genie would ask me for three wishes so I could say ""solve world hunger. Eliminate painful death. Make it so I never existed.""  And the most incredibly frustrating thing is from the outside looking at my life, I have it made by most standards. Office job. 75k salary. Beautiful girlfriend. But I just hate living. It's so exhausting. Wake up. Go to work. Come home. Eagerly await tomorrow. And I've always felt this way. I hated school. I hated university. I hate work. I hate the monotony of just putting one foot in front of the other until I keel over in 60 years or whatever.  I've tried hobbies. I've tried exercise. I've tried therapy. I used to think the whole 9 to 5 job thing just wasn't for me, but I'm realizing it's just life. Life isn't for me. And I feel so selfish for it. There are people that I'm sure look at me and what I have and wish they were me. And I wish they were me, too and that I just weren't. I'm just fundamentally unhappy for absolutely no reason.  Thanks for reading."
"Will I ever find somebody as good as her? So basically, I've been dating this girl for almost 2 years now. It was my first relationship in over 5 years and to say the least, it was a pretty good one. Other than having our ups and downs and arguments she was always there for me, she didn't leave when I told her I had no money in my bank account, she actually tried wiring me money but I didn't accept the transfers, this had happened multiple times.. The only times I was truly happy was when I was with her, we were together almost every day for the past 2 years, cuddling together, making love together, hugging each other. But the past few months have been hard, we've been arguing a lot, almost every other day and we've blocked each other now countless times. I think she got fed up with me because last week she blocked me on everything and just ghosted me, I've tried making new numbers to text her and I get no response, it kills me to know what she's doing? If she's with somebody else, if they're making love together. She was my real first love and I think I'll never be able to get over her.. I'm so fucking sad."
"Wheezing / constricted airways after exercising in the cold I've been doing the Couch-to-5K running program for about a month.  It's been in the 40s and 50s a lot lately when I go running.  I'm able to complete my runs fine, but I notice after getting home that the deepest parts of my lungs feel tight or constricted.  I can force a deep breath, but when I do I hear this wheezing like the airways are stretching back open.  Usually after about 30 - 60 min or so it's back to normal.  I tried wearing a neck gaiter after the first time and it got a lot better, but was still there.  I went to the doctor and described all this and he listened to my lungs.  He said my lungs sounded perfect.  And that it's normal to have that wheezing after exercising in the cold, since your airways constrict and forcing them open creates a spasm that makes that wheezing sound.  He also said as long as it's only that and not actual shortness of breath, then it's nothing to worry about and to continue running (preferably when it stops being cold).  Anyway - just wondering if anyone else can relate to this or can offer any other support.  It is an irrational thing at this point, since I've been to the doctor and described exactly what was going on to him.  Knowing the way my anxiety works, I suspect the reasons I haven't dropped it are that he didn't hear it actually doing it (and to me it sounds strange) and that I secretly worry it's a small start to a bigger lung issue (I've had a couple relatives pass away after getting pulmonary fibrosis - which definitely is in my head when anything lung-related is going on).  Any tips or other support would be fantastic!  PS - I refuse to google it (or anything else for that matter) but if anyone has support for pulmonary fibrosis worries that would help too.  I believe for my relatives that started with gradually dropping oxygen levels and some strange sounds the doctors could hear in their breathing.  So nothing like what I'm describing here .. if only health anxiety used the rational side of the brain!"
"DAE have severe FOMO? Not like getting invited to something and being busy that day, but for things you absolutely could not have ever been a part of?  I wish I could have seen my favorite band back in their hay day.  I wish I could have gone to a singer’s 2 years ago concert across the country.  [TW] I was watching a serial killer documentary and felt *FOMO about not being murdered*.  Anyone else?"
"Am I selfish if I kill myself ? I’m in a constant loop of suicidal thoughts and have been for the last month, all I can think about is how I would be better off dead. The only thing keeping me from leaving this world is the fact that I have a loving family. I have been trying to decide weather or not I want to keep living for the sole purpose of keeping my family happy, the only problem is I’m 16 and have a long miserable life ahead of me so suicide seems like the best option. I don’t know what to do with my life, any comments would be appreciated"
"My brain is slowing down , and thought now run in slow motion.. abstract thought are less.. Will it get better? Or will it decay further?"
I want everyone to know what I did I was abusive to my ex and as a result I lost her. This Is a list of some of the things I've done. It is not complete and I don't think it will ever be. However today would've been an important anniversary so I'm going to post this. I deserve the hate.  I'm sorry for existing / I'm sorry for asking you out / I'm sorry for all the pain I caused you /  I'm sorry for stopping you from meeting your friends / I'm sorry for getting angry when you wouldn't text me back / I'm sorry for being difficult when you went home / I'm sorry for getting angry at you in the restaurant in India / I'm sorry for getting angry at you on our friends birthday / I'm sorry for locking you out that night / I'm sorry for saying I left you when you went home. I never left you. I'm sorry for manipulating you into hitting me  I'm sorry for not letting you leave at the house party  I'm sorry for all the times I blocked you  I'm sorry for getting angry at you about your family  I'm sorry for saying those mean things about you and your career  I'm sorry for making you block your ex  I'm sorry for getting angry and calling you a slut when you dressed sexually  I'm sorry for ripping your shirt  I'm sorry for making you late that day you needed to go sapphire  I'm sorry for criticizing your art work  I'm sorry for getting angry at you for going to Norway  I'm sorry for making you move in with me  I'm sorry that you took a risk with your parents and told them about us  I'm sorry for being angry with you when you came back from home and I didn't greet you  I'm sorry for getting angry at you after the Taylor Swift concert  I'm sorry for taking your laundry once  I'm sorry for getting jealous when you went to Norway I'm sorry for getting angry everytime you talked about other guys  I'm sorry for ruining our anniversary when you planned an outdoor screening  I'm sorry for leaving you at Tesco on that day  I'm sorry for getting angry when you were humping and grinding with your friend  I'm sorry for getting angry when you held hands with your friend  I'm sorry for all the times I locked my door  I'm sorry for all the times I got angry when you fell asleep during the summer  I'm sorry for getting angry the time we were going to go clubbing and the people didn't want to drink in our kitchen  I'm sorry for taking your phone  I'm sorry for squeezing you on the bed sometimes  I'm sorry for getting angry when you would change the songs on Spotify  I'm sorry for leaving you at the gym sometimes when we would have a fight
"I wanna be alone in school. (Throwaway acct) I'm a junior in High School. I have been depressed for 2-3 years now, but now is the worst its ever been. I'm usually a person who relies on other to keep me happy, and being alone is the worst feeling. However, lately, I just wanna be alone. Not text anyone, not talk to anyone, nothing. Idk why, but I just do.    I'm failing 4 out of 7 classes right now because I'm too lazy/ depressed to do any work.  Anyways, I just want to be alone in school. Now I'm not a popular person, but I do have a decent amount of friends and acquaintances. Honestly idek what I'm trying to say rn but I was just wondering if it's a reasonable solution to ask a counselor if I can voluntarily go to ISS for a few days so I can be alone. I know it might seem dumb but its the only solution I can think of.  I'm sorry for the poor structure of my post, I just didn't have much time to type. Thanks in advance!"
"Fake on the outside. Dying on the inside. Since people constantly tell me I'm so negative because of my mental health and I'm not the same I'm changing. I went from wearing sweat pants, sweat shirts, and the same pair of sneakers everyday to wearing bright colors and heals. Man, now I'm not invisible and it feels great, but deep inside it sucks because that's not really me. I feel more confident, but now I'm smiling and laughing always. This led me to making new friends, but it's not me. It's like I can't win."
"I’m pretty sure I need to leave my spouse for my own emotional well-being, but I love him so much still. Has anyone here had to walk away from their marriage because your spouse just can’t stop hurting you? We (25f &amp; 26m) have been together since high school. We have a toddler together, and our marriage has had its ups and downs, but the only thing worth complaining about is our sex life. I guess it’s a pretty typical story, he doesn’t show any interest or desire in my body, wants sex maybe 2 times a week (I have a higher libido, like 3-5 times a week) and during those two times a week I am fully responsible for my orgasm. Foreplay has always been nonexistent, he says it’s because he “feels like he can’t do it right” but whenever I’ve tried to help guide his hands with mine, he’s so stiff that I can’t even manage to get him to maneuver correctly even with me practically doing it for him. Most of the time he’ll just stare at the TV. sex always begins with “want to f***?” And he expects me to just lay down and do it and be done. I’m 25 and have been using lube in order to have sex since I was 18.   Two years ago our sex life took a dive and I found him talking to other women on a dating app. None of them were local and I have no reason to believe he ever did anything in person. Things got bad, full transparency, the whole nine. It wasn’t until I started looking at his activity that I realized he regularly was watching porn while telling me he wasn’t interested in sex. I confronted him, he swore he’d stop. The usual. Fast foreword about 3 times finding out he hadn’t stopped and had just been lying to me, I found a google drive file full of curated downloaded porn. Maybe 25 videos. I lost it. This happened a second time, with admittedly less videos saved the second time around. I forgave it again, we had yet another talk for the hundredth time, and fast forward to today I found his secret Reddit account with a bunch of saved kink porn. Just last night I cried in our bed about how I felt like he just had no interesting my body expect for sticking it in and being done. No romance, sensuality, or anything that would possible benefit just me. He told me he would fix it. Today, I think I’m just done. I’m tired of being hurt. I’m tired of the dishonesty and hiding. I’m tired of feeling like just a receptacle for him, and the nanny/maid. Im so hurt and my self esteem has been in the negative for the last 3 or so years because of this.   I actually don’t believe he’s addicted to porn, as he doesn’t view it all that regularly, usually in bursts every couple months, from what I can see. He just drops to 1 time a week during those periods. Maybe he’s just gotten better at hiding, who even knows at this point. I honestly believe that there’s a deeper reason for our issues but I can’t fix them if he’s not willing to have an open and honest discussion with me about what he’s feeling. I’ve asked if it’s my appearance, he says no and I’m inclined to believe him given how much *he* seems to really enjoy when we do have sex, and beyond that I can’t think of any other obvious reasons for this. I’ve asked, I’ve begged, and I always get the simple “I don’t know”. That’s his go to answer in any discussion. He doesn’t know why he does anything he does, ever. But somehow he’s still always sorry. I love this man so much. He is my best friend, and he’s been my best friend from when we were barely getting through puberty. We have a beautiful child together and a really happy life on the surface, but this is absolutely killing me and I know that at my age, I shouldn’t be feeling this worthless and disgusting. I should have a husband who cares about my body and my orgasms. I *know* there are people out there who would truly want me. I don’t want any of them anytime soon because my heart is still with my husband, but I can’t do this for the next 50+ years. I’ve tried marriage counseling when things first got really bad, but that didn’t really go anywhere. I don’t hate porn as a whole, I’m not a prude, and I really just want a decent sexual partner who doesn’t lie to my face and hide things from me.   My question to you lovely people is, have any of you had to walk away from your marriage because it just wasn’t working, despite still being in love with your spouses? At this point, I just see it as an act of self preservation, but it still hurts so much to think about."
"Process of getting diagnosed? What's the process for getting diagnosed? Specifically with adult ADHD?  I'm in University, so I know it's late to be getting diagnosed with ADHD, but currently it's affecting me greatly right now. If it is ADHD, I'd like it to be diagnosed, and if it's not, then I'd like to find out what's happening with me."
"What’s the best way to meet people as an adult. Hi, I’m 23, I never been in a relationship and tried apps like tinder but it’s never worked out. I’m just sad at the fact that I’m getting older and close friends are getting married, moving in with their S/O. People always tell me relationships aren’t all that and that’s kind of unfair how would I know if I never been in one. I never known what love is and I’m not sure if I’ll meet the right one. Please help."
"HSA and tax returns I have a possible dumb question for a financial newbie. I want to file for my tax returns today, I have my W2s and I used my HSA in 2018 to pay for new prescription glasses, do I need to include this in my tax returns? I use Turbo tax. Thanks for any feedback and advice, like I said I’m a bit of a newbie when it comes to things like HSAs and taxes. Thanks everyone!"
"Can't Talk to Girls :/    I'm sorry if this isn't the correct Reddit to ask this on, but I don't have anyone IRL to talk to this about. I'm a sophomore in HS and I used to have a pretty okay social life but ever since last summer I haven't hung out with people outside of school. Needless to say, socializing and talking to girls is not one of my strong suits, and I feel a little pathetic talking to my friends about it so that's why I came here.  So as a question to guys and (mostly) girls, what should I do? I don't know what to say and I get really nervous especially if its a girl I like. I know the basics of being respectful and all, but I can't seem to break the ""friend"" barrier. All my friends my age talk to girls all the time on FT and in real life, so I feel a little behind.  And a little bonus question, there is this one girl i like in one of my classes who I occasionally talk to, but it's hard for me to go and start conversation with her outside of class. What should I do?"
"How do I spot negative maladaptive thoughts and nip them in the butt? I, along with many others have cognitive distortions, how do I get past my mental block that’s stopping me from exposure?"
"Today’s my birthday I’m pretty drunk so forgive me if this doesn’t make sense.  I’m 23 now.  14 felt like just yesterday. Time is flying faster than I could imagine. Everyday is the same day, work eat sleep and repeat. I can’t even remember the last time I actually had a conversation with somebody.  While I’m busy trying to stay alive, time keeps flying. The hardest thing to fathom is the fact one day I will no longer exist.  We all live like we’ll live forever. We could die tomorrow. All I want in life is to feel happiness. if I died tomorrow, i wish I could feel like I died content, But I don’t, I’m sick of working my life away with nobody else to live this life with. I’m sick of the fact everyone I was once close to is longer around. I’m sick of being betrayed by everyone I thought I could trust.   I’m sick, of this life."
"Recommendations for small DA 9mm EDC Does anyone have any recommendations for a gun that fits the following. Double action, auto-loader 9mm, and as small as possible? Recoil is not a concern. I was looking at the SCCY CPX-2 but I would prefer something higher quality, the HK P30SK looked like it might fit the bill."
"got subtlely rejected by my crush i asked them over snapchat if they did streaks on and they said ""not really, i talk to who i want to talk to""   they were obviously lieing since their snapchat score is like 500k  i took the hint and i'm gonna leave them alone, but it still hurts"
"12:48 AM Thoughts [LONG AF] Well I’m in bed, at 12:48 AM. Feeling depressed once again YAY. I miss my friends. Sometimes (like right now) I feel like I don’t know where I’m going in life.   I’m thinking back to when I was doing 110 down the highway and thought how one swerve was enough to end it all. I wonder why I didn’t take that chance........why didn’t I swerve, and end it.   Now I’ve got a part of a song stuck in my head and the lyrics are really making me sad. Like extremely sad. It sorta reminds me that I’ll be single for the rest of my life but the beat is fire. And watching that part of the music video really put me in my feelings and reminds me that I’ll never have a significant other.   I wonder if I should kill myself. I mean, I don’t have any friends. I remember when I had friends though. They were so much fun! We’d stay out until like 2 AM. Like, if I were still in college I’d be out with my friends right now. And that only adds to my sadness. And the fact that none of them call me these days.........  I desperately wish I could talk to my parents about my depression. Just a shoulder to cry on about this emotional numbness. And knowing that I can’t talk to them about it makes me tear up even more. Now that part of the song is playing in my head again. And now I have to close my eyes for like 20 seconds to make sure tears don’t roll down my face. And I would go to sleep but for some reason I need a GPS to get to it. And has my pillow always smelled like this?   I really need somebody to talk to. I want somebody I can talk about life with.........................I’m never gonna get therapy though. Did somebody just honk outside? Who is up (besides me) at this hour of the night? I really need a friend to talk to."
"Reaching out for help Many times I’ve reached out to my parents for help. Like, sat them down and told them to stop enabling me, sat them down and begged them to send me to rehab, etc. I’ve never gotten anywhere. Personal anecdotes and words of encouragement. More than ten years on and they still won’t take me seriously.     I sat them down tonight and told them if they don’t stop supporting my addictions then I’ll be dead within the year. They just won’t hear it. And I get that it’s all on me, but I can’t stop. I keep reaching out for help, but everyone keeps blowing me off.  How do you cope when everyone ignores your cries for help?  Donno what I’m lookin for here."
"Mounting scope Trying to mount a Leupold VX 2 9x40 mm on a weaver base. Bought 1 inch scope rings and they seem too small, like I would have to force the scope in for it to fit. Are these rings too small, or should I use some force? Product specs indicate 1 inch from what I can tell. Any insight appreciated, thanks. FYI rifle is Mossberg Patriot 30-06."
"Constantly Debating Therapy Hello!  Background: I’m F15 and have been fighting with my mind over therapy for years. I don’t have a bad relationship with therapy or a stigma attached to it, but I doubt that I need it a lot. I’ve gone to therapy. Been to therapy once as a 7-8 year old because of severe emotional reaction to parents divorce.   Ever since 2nd grade, I’ve struggled with my mental health, and it seemed to get worst 2 years ago.  2 years ago, I struggled with an emotionally abusive friendship, family issues, breakup, self-harm, and suicidal thoughts. I’ve improved A LOT since then, but still don’t feel “mentally right.”  I usually push my emotions/thoughts away by saying it’s normal teenage behavior and everyone else feels like this. I’ll give you a list of things I struggle with.  I won’t go into details, but if you need me to I’ll be willing to explain.  I just need validation if I need therapy or if I’m experiencing normal teenage behaviors.   1. I always seek validation or opinions from others before I do a decision.  2. Don’t have any hobbies and lay in bed a lot after school.   3. I lose friends a lot because of behaviors I do or because petty drama.   4. I manipulate people to get what I want or to make them upset even though I know the consequences.   5. Constantly irritated everyday and anger outbursts are usually towards loved ones which includes me cussing them out, calling them names, blocking them, ignoring them, or making them feel bad.   6. I overthink. A lot. Too much.   7.  I have a hard time opening up to friends because I feel disgusted with myself after opening up.  8. I have desires for drugs when I get upset. Usually heroin or pills are stuff I yearn for even though I’ve never done them. Only have done weed.   9. Rarely, I self harm. I relapsed a few weeks ago after being clean for almost 2 years. It wasn’t anything too serious.   10. Sometimes I disassociate when upset or anxious like I’m almost in a dream like state and nothing is real.   11. I push people away, but once they leave to give me space, I get upset at them for leaving me.  12. I always like to be right in an argument. If I’m not right, I get angry.   13. My moods change from deeply sad to really happy to angry quickly everyday.   14. I go from loving someone to hating them real quick if they do something “bad.”   15. I feel empty a lot.   16. My sleep schedule is really messed up. I stay up till 12-4am almost every night even on school days.   17.  When highly upset or even feeling a little left out, I feel like no one cares about me, is gonna leave me, or hates me.   18. I have a hard time with feelings of guilt. Some days it feels like it’s eating me from the inside.   19. My relationship with my dad isn’t close and I blame it on my stepmom.   20.  I do risky behaviors that seem to be normal for a teenager. I don’t constantly do them but I occasionally sneak out to boyfriends house, smoke weed, and rarely drink.   21. For a few months I felt numb and now I feel like everything is affecting me.   22. Some days I wish everyone could leave me because I don’t deserve them or I should be wiped off this earth.   23. I feel like my life lacks meaning because I don’t have talents, hobbies, or some special thing about me.   24. My grades are usually A’s so luckily I don’t struggle with school, but I do struggle with getting motivation to do work/study.   25. I feel like I have to replace someone if they leave my life.   26. I hate the person I am right now.   27. I feel like I make too many mistakes.  28. I feel like no one understands me or thinks I’m a bad person by the things I’ve done.   29. I use to be really helpful and love giving advice to people, but I hate it now.  30. I get stressed really easily. People describe me as “over-dramatic.”    I feel like everyone struggles with all the things on the list, especially teenagers. That’s why I believe I don’t need help because I feel like I’ll grow out of it."
"Is he drinking again? Hi, everyone. Hopefully you can help me. This is going to be a long one. Sorry for that.  John (not his real name) is my good friend of 30+ years. I'm pretty much adopted into his family.   Recently (about two weeks ago -- that recently) his wife died very suddenly. She was a young and lovely woman. He had to make the decision to take her off life support. I've been staying with him since then, basically giving him his space, but being at hand when he needs to cry or laugh or watch YouTube channels about subreddits (a favorite.)   Unfortunately (as you might have guessed,) he has a history of alcoholism. He went to rehab and has been sober for a couple of years. More unfortunately, he doesn't go to meetings. He's adamantly atheist and felt they put too much emphasis on God as a higher power. That's probably accurate for around these parts. I've looked into meetings and organizations that lean away from that, but none of them have meetings anywhere near us.  So, without a sponsor and support group, especially during a time of extraordinary duress... I worry. He's started seeing a grief counselor -- so that's something. I've asked him a couple times whether he's been drinking (it's hard to tell -- he's been taking ativan and a few other drugs that make him super sleepy...)  The answer is 'no,' of course. If I were to pursue the subject, the answer would *still* be no and he'd probably get offended -- because of course he would. Quickest way to deflect and cow someone, right? It'd pretty quickly turn bad and I'd be out on my ass -- not like I've nowhere else to go, but I wouldn't be here for him, and I'm the only one he's letting be around. His family grates on his nerves pretty quick, though they love him and are only trying to help (in a pushy way.)  Here's the kicker: he smells really strongly of mouthwash. I know that sounds dumb, but mouthwash is supposed to wear off after a bit, I mean the strength of it... right? It shouldn't permeate a room. I once had an alcoholic roommate and have an alcoholic cousin. I remember this sickly sweet/sour smell... but I couldn't bet my life on it.   I'm scared. I want to be wrong -- or to be sure, one way or the other. I want him to get help if he's drinking again. I don't want him to be alone, because I'm scared what he might do. His self-esteem has never been the best. He has anxiety and depression. Since his wife's death, he's been having nightmares and full-blown panic attacks.  I don't know how to tell for sure if he's drinking, in the absence of staggering and slurring. I'm frightfully naive about this sort of thing. I know alcoholics hide their drinking and lie. I can't tell if he's doing that.   I can't watch him all the time and want him to have some amount of dignity while he's grieving.   Help."
"I don’t know who I’ve become. This isn’t me. This isn’t me. I was excited about life in every way. I had so many dreams that I knew I’d once day be able to achieve. The world was mine and I was going to build the life I always wanted.   So who’s this other guy? This guy who feels like a complete incompetent failure. This guy who’s disgusted and sickened by the world. This guy who’s become a depressed, pessimistic, angry person.  I know who I am, and it’s not the person I have become."
Ranting Ive felt depressed for a long time but recently its been worse then its ever been.  Nothing feels like anything and everything feels like nothing.  I havnt had many interests in a long time but even the ones ive managed to cling to are fading away.  Music sounds monotine and illicits zero emotional reaction.  T.v. Shows i once enjoyed are boring.  I never had any non-human passions but even the few things ive used to get by are slipping away.  Even drinking is boring.  It feels like im constantly waiting like waiting in a doctors office with nothing to do.  Im so bored and empty.  Maybe i am waiting for something.  Maybe im waiting to die.  Is an empty glass better than no glass at all?  My sense of time is speeding up.  The days pass so quickly. But i couldnt tell you what i did yesterday.  Everything is detached.  Sometimes its like im already dead like my consciousness is doing me a real solid and is just fast forwarding my life to see if there are any good parts. And every once in awhile the controler hits play and im back in.  I look at my hands and i dont recognize them theyre red and veiny.  How long have I been washing my hand and staring at myself in mirror?  I turn the hot water off and wake up.  What day is it? Is it now or am i dreaming?  Who am I? I havnt felt like myself in a long time.
I'm telling my supervisor totay what issues I have and I'm terrified. heart warming stories would be amazing haha
"I'm tired of staying here (32/M) And really, there's no need for me to. Everything has ended in failure."
"Got diagnosed with osteopenia As a direct result of my eating disorder. And what have I done to cope with that? Dissociate, compulsively walk and starve myself. One brain transplant please."
"Deleting myself from social media has made me confront my sorrows and loneliness for the first time in years. I don’t know what that stuff is doing this. I know it’s numbing my pain and human-ness a little too much.  I feel miserable again like I remember, but... idk... it’s just not as numb? I mean, I’m hurting, but I’m relived i can still feel so deeply without the drug of social media and validation and comparison."
"Anxiety and Lying Hey everyone,  I just had to vent because I feel like I’m out of options here. I’ve had pretty bad undiagnosed anxiety since middle school, and it’s basically ran unchecked up until now. For a 24 year old, it’s been pretty debilitating especially that now I’m expected to have at least a semblance of being put together. It’s caused me a ton of problems in my personal and professional life, and I’ve been sick and tired of it.   The way it affects me though, is it basically takes my mind off of what I’m supposed to do. Say I have a task at hand; my anxiety will push me down a spiraling tangent based on what can happen if I don’t do this task right, or if I didn’t do something else right. I guess this leads me to my point:  I stress/anxiety lie, to try and release pressure from when I forget to do something because of this fucking type of anxiety.   It’s compulsive and pretty destructive. It’s something that I’ve come to terms with, but it has presented so many problems for me. I know that I do it to deflect some pressure, but I realize now that it doesn’t make anything better, it creates more anxiety that just layers on top of the stuff that’s already floating around in my head. It’s isolating me from everyone I love and I don’t want that anymore. I’m not entirely sure how to change it but I know that I’m not a liar and I don’t want to be.   Rant over."
"My (21f) ""best friend"" (20f) is kind of a mean girl Warning: this is v long  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR: my friend B has been spending a lot of time with me and I've noticed a lot of her behavior is competitive, mean-spirited, and freaks out if she isn't the one in charge.  &amp;#x200B;  My friend (B) is driving me insane. We initially bonded over her being a coworker of my SO and mutually disliking another girl (T). (And I know, that's also kind of dickish of me, too) T was a bit of a party girl and had a lot of tendencies that we found annoying; being self-centered, boy crazy, generally not the smartest decision maker, and a little bit of a drama queen. However, at heart, T is a good person and she would never say a bad thing about another person. I don't interact with T very much but we knew each other because we lived on the same floor freshman year. She was very understanding when I told her that I really can't do the party thing with her and i wanted to focus on my schoolwork, which wasn't really a lie. When she and I had a class together, she was actually really happy that I would talk with her so I know that there's no bad blood between us.  &amp;#x200B;  On to B. B has a lot of the same tendencies as T, but the caveat is that B has a tendency to repeat herself, embellish her stories (more on that later), and is a massive control freak. To start with, she worked with my SO as an RA like a year ago for the dorm that we all lived in so I vaguely knew her, but she was better friends with my SO. Now, the RAs have to do the Myers-Briggs test to see how they get along with their floor and the other RAs. She rigged her test to put her in the group with introverts, one of whom is my SO. B reasons that because she doesn't like large crowds that means therefore she is an introvert. Okay, fair enough. But eventually SO and I realized that the reason she groups herself with introverts (whether she realizes it or not) is because she wants to be the center of attention and dominate the conversation.  &amp;#x200B;  I myself am an extrovert, though I have my limits (aforementioned party). I'm hyper aware of how much of the conversation is me talking because I have a tendency to do the same thing, and I realize that it can feel really unfair and rude to the other person. B either doesn't notice or doesn't care. She talks about how T will prattle on and on while she does the exact same thing except I'm stuck in the car with her and I'm trying to be polite listen to her tell the same story about her ex, or her dog, or her mom. She talks about the same subjects and often recycles her stories, each time getting more dramatic or putting herself in the spotlight or as the hero.  &amp;#x200B;  For example, at my college, there was a professor I really didn't care for at the time (later ended up really liking her). B told me how Prof was giving a spiel directed to freshman in her class. As B was not a freshman in this class, she asked if this doesn't apply to her, to which Prof said no, and B put in headphones. Now, by the third or fourth time she had told this story, it went:  B: ""I told her 'I'm not a freshman, so do I have to sit through your bullshit?'"" (possibly not exact phrase but I'm not exaggerating at how aggressive it is).  Prof: ""Oh, uh, no... I guess not (I know this is NOT how she would have reacted, as she would had shut her down faster than the government then and there. I've seen her do so in other classes)  B: ""Okay, then I'm just gonna turn around and put in headphones."" \^andtheneveryoneclapped  &amp;#x200B;  A few things stick with me. I don't like shopping with her for clothes anymore bc I'm overweight. I'm generally okay/comfortable with this but we would be going through clothes at ragstock and I found a shirt I really liked, but not in my size. I wasn't fishing for compliments, but I told her, ""it would look better on you."" she responds with almost stars in her eyes, ""\_Yeah\_ it would"" and like. Idk that just hurt. Or we were in Torrid (plus sized store) and I was looking for a bra. I'm actually a little small for Torrid's band sizes, but my cup is way too big for Victoria's Secret. B then proceeds to butt in to the convo between me and the sales assistant to talk about, basically, how she would ""love to wear the stuff here but it runs too big, but VS next door always had bras for her, and omg I had to go buy a new bra today."" And me and the worker were just looking at each other like ""Is she serious?"" For maybe those who don't see it the way I do, Torrid is specifically marketed to bigger women bc it's harder to find clothes/underwear that fits right. B is nowhere in the realm of overweight and it just seemed really insensitive since she can buy clothes literally everywhere else? Especially since she knew we were making a special trip there.  &amp;#x200B;  Another thing is her telling me about my 21st. The bday itself was really nice, and I enjoyed myself. All I had to drink that night were 2 mojitos (there were 2 servings in the shaker) and maybe 4 oz of beer. I'm a lightweight, so I didn't want anymore than that. B was driving while SO and I were in the backseat. SO is sober and didn't drink. Later, B tells me that I was really handsy with my SO and ""girl, you were all over him, i almost had to pull you off of him cause I thought you guys were gonna have sex in my backseat."" I was mortified, as I didn't think I was so drunk that 1) I couldn't remember this and 2) that I thought that it would be okay to act that way in public and in her car. I asked my SO about this and he responded, ""you were putting your hands on other people's arms/hands/shoulders when talking, but we only held hands in the backseat."" It honestly made me feel like shit that she told me i was acting like that. Nothing against people who get handsy when tipsy, but I specifically didn't want to drink so much that I behaved inappropriately.  &amp;#x200B;  We are currently in Art History class together with one of our favorite professors. Since school was out this is really the first actual lesson we had today. She makes it a point that whenever I say something, she says something. I say something in an attempt to be smart and possibly tell a joke, she says something in an attempt to sound smarter than me. During break, two students behind us were asking what tests were like and I was about to say the tests are all essays (I've had 2 other classes taught in a similar manner by this prof). I hadn't even said anything, I just opened my mouth and B holds up a finger to me, doesn't even look at me as she says basically the same info the other students. It's not the fact that she wanted to answer, it's the fact that she \*shushed\* me like her dog.  &amp;#x200B;  I get a lot of r/quityourbullshit vibes whenever she tells me anything now. I don't really trust her anymore and today I've really just had enough of it. She snapped at me earlier and I literally just said, ""Do not talk to me like that."" and she acted like i hadn't said anything. I don't know if I should just be more assertive and tell her not to talk to me that way, and call her out on her BS, or if should do a slow-fade. She gets a lot of her behavior from her mom, who I've never met but from what I actually believe from what B has told me is that her mom is a narcissist. She doesn't really have a ton of close friends as she tends to monopolize time with me. What do? Am I just being bitchy and over sensitive?"
"I think I Still have postpartum depression, and my husband is not being very supportive. I have been taking antidepressants since my little one, now 8 months, was 2 months. I was feeling better up until a few weeks ago, and last night, and following into today,  has been an emotional hell. I don’t know where to begin, and I’m already on meds, and seeing a therapist, so I don’t know what else I can do other than ride it out. My husband, for the most part, is loving and kind, and makes a good salary... good enough for us to live comfortably and allow me to be a SAHM; we have a total of 5 kids, all of whom are school age, with the exception of the baby.  I’ve been feeling more and more resentful of my husband. I have asked him numerous times to spend more time with us, rather than his phone. It does not change. He comes home from work around 5, and after changing his clothes and pouring a drink, he sits on the couch playing a game on his phone. 6 out of 7 days of the week, I make dinner. He is supposed to spend time with the baby while I am doing this, but rather than playing with her on the floor, she sits down there by herself while he plays on his phone. Oftentimes, she will fuss and he doesn’t even look up, so I end up going into the living room, and bring her into the kitchen with me... which makes it very hard to clean whatever mess is left over from the day, and simultaneously make dinner. Last evening, I called the family in for dinner, and he just sat on his phone until everyone was finished, and finally got up to eat. Following this, he “cleaned” the kitchen by piling dishes up by the sink and settled back in with his phone. 7 rolled around, and she was very fussy, and I was nearly in tears. The house was a mess, and I was totally overwhelmed, and exhausted. I brought her up to bed, Fed her, and went down to clean. I put the dishes in the dishwasher, cleaned the counters, swept, mopped, and sullenly observed the mess that was the rest of the house. I was becoming more and more irritated as I watched my husband on his phone, sitting obliviously on the couch. I needed to say something, so I began by explaining that something needed to change. That I needed more help because I couldn’t do it all myself. He is convinced that he is quite helpful. He cooks once a week, takes the garbage out once or twice a week, and “cleans” up after dinner. (I have asked multiple times for dishes to be put in the dishwasher)  He became very defensive, and angry at me, telling me he does so much more than the average husband, and complaining that I’m not the same person that I was before the baby, and never want to have sex. Frankly, I could care less if I ever have sex again. I carry a baby around all day, when she goes to bed, I’m up until 11 every night so that I don’t fall behind on housework. He complains that I pump milk 3 times a day, because it takes up so much time. He says that he never wants to come home from work.  He then stalked up the stairs, declaring that sleep was his only sanctuary. Must be nice... I’m still waking up 3-4 times a night to change diapers, and at least 2 times to feed the little one. This isn’t sustainable, and I’m scared because today I woke up feeling like I just want to die. I’ve been crying all morning, and am so lonely. I don’t know how to get through to him, and could really use some words of encouragement. I’m feeling like I’m just not equipped to do this.   Summary;  I am carrying the majority of housework and parenting, my husband is oblivious to it, and I feel somewhat suicidal... but I would never act on it. I need advice."
Heavy legs My legs feel really heavy when I walk why is this they dont look swollen but feels like I just got done with a leg workout when I havent worked out I'm really scared
"AR budget build tools I am slowly starting to gather parts to build my own AR but I am on a tight budget. I have a torque wrench already, but what other tools are necessary to complete the build?"
"How do I get over this? I’m going crazy... I was a happy, nearly anxiety free person after years of severe anxiety until I started google searching my symptoms. As stupid as it sounds, I’ve now been constantly worrying that I have different conditions and it affects my day to day life. I’m planning on getting a doctor check up thing soon and hopefully that clears it up but I’m wondering if there’s anything else I can do to stop living like this"
"My only friend for over 7 years has turned into a cokehead and stopped being my friend because i don't do it...i just want to die I am high functioning on the autism spectrum and have always had issues making friends...at my last job i managed to make a friend named jenny...well flash forward 7 years and jenny has stolen money from me and has stopped being my friend because i don't do cocaine ""she started doing it a few months ago apparently""...now i just want to die.     i am to afraid of death to kill myself so i don't want people thinking i will take my own life...but i just wish i would drop dead so this would all be over.      i think i just need to stop trying to make friendships and keep my interactions with people as little as possible"
"Give exercise and working out a try I haven't done any kind of exercise since high school 6 years ago, and I just got done with about 2 hours of light jogging and walking on a treadmill and a couple of reps on the benchpress. I got to say that exhaustive feeling you get afterwards is the best thing I've ever experienced in a long time. It's like my mind is too preoccupied with me being worn out that I'm not getting those scattered thoughts about worrying over every little thing. It almost feels like you're in slow motion. I even made eye contact with a garbage man on my drive home.  Granted it's only temporary, but it feels great to feel remotely normal for once. Usually I can barely tolerate leaving my house."
I’m overreacting Hello. Currently at the ER because I’m convinced I have appendicitis. Let’s see what this will turn out to be? Oh wait- it’s going to be nothing. I hate health anxiety.
"Cream for fat burning of thighs I am using a fat burning cream which I apply to my thighs, which are really big compared to the rest. Does this help in diminishing this zone fat specifically?"
"It sucks that the lack of confidence that comes with social anxiety makes it even harder to be approachable I feel like if I were confident in my actions I would be more magnetic and attract more people as friends, but any time i do something that feels like more than just being a person in the background I feel annoying and like i need to apologize, which just looks pathetic and sad.  I know being needy and clingy is ugly and being independent is attractive but all I can think of when I'm around someone I like (platonically or otherwise) I can't help but think ""Please treat me well and don't leave I'm so tired being alone"". Even typing it is fucking stupid and pathetic but I just get so desperate around people I think can help me feel better and it never works, or maybe it does and I can't see it.   I feel like my self-consciousness just builds on itself exponentially and that I only get worse. Does anyone else feel similarly?"
"I dont know what to do. incredibly sorry if this is tangental and doesnt make any sense,but im 20 &amp; barely feel like it,probably because i dropped out of 8th grade after having a pretty big mental break, ended up shutting myself in for years and never contacted any of my friends to this day (didnt even tell them what happened,just never showed up to school again). i was making some progress in 2019 by getting my license,got a job finally in early 2020(which is probably something of a feat for someone who hasnt talked to strangers in about 8 years) but ended up hating it (retail with kinda shit management). every day i come home,cry and drink until i pass out,and then repeat. when i drive home from work i hope someone will run a red light and hit me through an intersection and kill me instantly.  i keep having to talk myself into showing up at work at all and i know im lucky to even have a job right now because of the virus but everything feels incredibly pointless. i feel like for 8 years i went into this dark tunnel where i started out as a kid and came out this weird vague shape of an adult who has no life skills,personality or will to live."
"Ketamine or psychedelics Has anyone tried these options? I'm a mental health professional, and I help others but I'm slowly crumbling inside despite years of therapy and drugs."
For anyone struggling with guilt or regret... (Crosspost from r/meditation) Thanks to OP. This touched me because of the guilt we face out of our procastrination - [https://i.redd.it/ao5mq8cyxsh01.jpg] (https://i.imgur.com/NqYt0tG.jpg)
"I feel like I don’t have the right to say I’m lonely but I have a husband who I love. He’s great, he’s funny, he’s loving. But fuck, I’m so lonely. I only talk to him and my mom calls once a week. I had to quit my job two months ago because I was cutting, so I don’t see people anymore. I’m so desperate to talk to people, it makes me physically sick. I haven’t had a friend other than him in years. I try to find friends on here, but they always stop responding. I spend so much time alone, isolated in my house. I live in a town of maybe 500 so there’s nowhere for me to go just so be around other people. I feel trapped. I know if it weren’t for him, I would never speak. I can feel my body physically longing for other people. I haven’t had a friend since 2013, if those were even friends. I’m worried the loneliness is going to drive me to cutting again because it gives me something else to focus on. I’ve started playing YouTube videos on every tv in the house when I’m home alone just to hear people speak. I guess I just miss people"
"[Seeking Support] It's hard to be happy for your significant other sometimes. I'm a senior in college and I've had a couple of set backs cause of mental health, family health issues, etc and I have to take an extra semester to finish my degree. I also have trouble applying to things and asking professors if they need help with research, etc, because I feel so worthless and have zero self-confidence. My significant other on the other hand is the exact opposite. He's a junior in college, has a research job, has an internship in California lined up and has more opportunities coming his way.   Part of me is truly happy for him because it means he'll have a secure future and be successful. The other part of me is bitter. I'm extremely jealous of him. I wish that I had the confidence, the opportunities, the intelligence that he has. I also have abandonment issues and I feel as if he will forget about me or find someone else if he chooses to go to California or wherever that's too far from me. There are times when I cheer him on and there are other times when I'm mean to him because I'm truly bitter. I tell him to leave me because he'll find someone who is much more successful and smarter than I am. I have such conflicting feelings and it's very frustrating. Any suggestions/supportive words/etc are much appreciated."
"not a single person, not my family, not my boyfriend, not my friends, no one I do not feel loved by anyone"
I want to give up I had a fight with my boyfriend and now I’m silently slowly spiraling. Now its not really his fault im like this just the whole negativity of the situation is bringing me down. I was out of my antidepressant for 2 days and just refilled it. So im this way cause depression. I had taken a razor yesterday to cut later then my mom found out i did that and took it away yesterday now today im like i have something to hang myself with lets do that then i went no lets not partially thats alot of work and self preservation( probably wrong word but seemed right). I went to my last appointment with my therapist that i dont like hence it being the last appointment. Learned it might be till march that i get a new therapist there. Im going to look for one elsewhere. I hate life i really do.
"I am officially the biggest loser I know I spent another birthday alone. My 30th. Not that it makes much of a differences since I have spent most days of my life alone. Not even posting in r/viriginityexchange at the last minute in the hopes of a pity fuck worked.  I am unable to pass whatever social filter that allows for normal sexual interactions.  I have laid next to two women naked in their respective beds. Neither time did I believe they were genuinely attracted to me and I am still not sure they were. I missed those opportunities to lose my virginity many years ago. Since then I have become uglier, fatter, and bald. I am so bitter and negative there is no way I will seem attractive to anyone, least of all myself.   I could blame with the conservative and severely orthodox Catholicism that taught me to hate myself and my own sexual urges. Still recovering from this. I could blame the terrible role models of relationships in my life since my parent's and family's' relationships look like stories written by Updike. I could blame my own past. Regrettably, I have to blame my own cowardice. My own hatred of myself  poisoning my veins resulting in endless pity parties and destructive hedonism.   It doesn't matter what the causes are now. It is too late. If I ever got up the courage to ask someone on a date and by some miracle they agreed, the actual road to sexual or affectionate behavior would be so pitiful and pathetic she would doubtlessly be turned off or just laugh at my inexperience.  I am going to die a virgin and alone. Whether that death is natural or by my own actions I don't know. It won't be today or tomorrow, but the loss of having missed out on so much is unbearable. I am missing out on the essential human connections that our stories, songs, movies, and every aspect of human culture scream as being the most important part of our humanity. I will never what it like to be loved by another human or experience sexual joy. Is life really worth living?"
"Legal advice on fanfiction featuring a real life business So me and a few coworkers have a problem with another store. Not going into too much, they are always rude. So we started a fanfiction and want to publish it on archive our own... Problem is... Can I get sued for just the same of the store? No money made, no ones name used. But lets say it was a McDonald's.... .would I get in trouble?"
"Death and my loved ones. For some reason, this year has been terrible for anxiety. Mostly, it’s the fear of my loved ones dying and of course me myself dying. It’s not so much that I truly believe they are going to die soon, it’s the inevitability that gets me. I feel like I haven’t been able to enjoy my grandparents company recently because all I can think about is how they are really getting up there in age and I have no idea how I will do it without them. Even my dogs, I love them so much and the last few days I haven’t been able to have one on one time with either of my dogs without the thought that they will go way before me and I start to panic. Of course dying myself scares me because we don’t know what it’s like but what scares me the most is leaving my wife and child behind when I do eventually go. It’s really starting to take away from my positive experiences with these loved ones and it’s terrible that my relationships are starting to become me just worried about them all the time."
"Any tips for first time teacher? Hello all, I’m new to this subreddit, and I have been recruited to teach.  This will be my first time teaching the subject of cyber security at a computer training company.  I have never taught in front of a class before so I don’t know what I’m going to talk about for 6 hours every Saturday besides the curriculum given to me.  Are there any tips to shake the nerves, fill in the gaps, etc?  All eyes are going to be on me instead of the other way around.  I’ve done a single and group projects in front of the class before but actually lecturing seems much more difficult.  Thanks for your advice in advance I appreciate it!"
so badly that i could take a gun and shoot myself in the head. my past will never change and it will haunt me for the rest of my life. i just want to die sometimes
"Dating While Depressed? So to put the question into context so everyone can understand where I'm coming from. I've been dealing with depression and anxiety for years, really fucked up childhood but some better took me in when I was a preteen so that helped but I still feel everything. Now I've been to therapy a couple times and they helped but that was when my insurance covered it now it doesn't so I don't have a therapist. I'm debating on getting onto some meds and seeing a psychiatrist. Anyways point is can I date if I'm making steps to get better? I'm a 21 ginger virgin male with lots of insecurities and depression doesn't help. In fact I'm worried I have bi polar disorder because my symptoms fall into that category more so than MDD. My point is I constantly feel like any woman can and should do better than me. I have this crippling feeling every time I like a girl I think ""just stop, they can do better leave her alone"" literally ALL my friends are in relationships and I want it so bad. I want what they have but I have little to no experience, the one ego boost I have is I was once told I was the best kisser she's ever met and she been around the block a couple times. I'll be honest I miss her to, she was someone I would've been willing to lose the V to and risk the rejection because she was so nice and one of the most non judgmental people I've ever met and she was a nerd to lol. She moved States for school so our fun was cut short.  Should I try to date? It's really hard for me since I've never been in love and don't know what to look for. I also wanna get the virgin thing outta the way so I'm not one when I'm 40. Fuck society and it's social stigmas, they're impossible not to follow it seems. I just don't see how I can date if I'll have these feelings for a few more years and I don't want to be 30 year old man with no experience either. I feel it's a catch 22."
"What do you do when you’ve tried therapy and meds for years but haven’t improved? I’m 27 now, I’ve been seeing various therapists since I was 13-ish and have been put on tons of different meds/med combinations, but I still can’t avoid the constant cycle of rumination/depression/self-loathing that I’ve had since my teenage years, no matter how I try to break it. I know these things take time but isn’t 15-ish years enough? What should I do? Is there something I haven’t considered trying?"
"Over the years I was slowly stripped of everything. My interest, personality, things that gave me joy.I have tried therapy, over the course of 12 years i was prescribed 30 drugs and nothing worked. I am feeling like a biological robot. No feelings, no internest, no control over my life. I have appointment for MRI scan next week but I do not feel like I can make it to that day. I am tired, I am not myself anymore and I do not believe that anything can help me. So what is the point? Why should not I end my suffering today? I am tired of constantly fighting with my brain"
"Any advice please? Married in NY but I’m British. How do we file? So my American wife and I would mutually like to divorce, however we married in the states and I have no idea if this affects how we file. We have zero communication so conversing with her about this is out of the question. However, she has stated numerous times that she wouldn’t contest it so it’s just a case of knowing how to initiate. Do I have to go through UK or USA courts? Thank you in advance"
"Facial recognition scanners to be tested soon at Texas-Mexico border Submission Statement: Couple days ago, there were posts here about China trying out facial recognition. Now, all of the sudden, it's here.  I suspect this technology has long been available, held off until the right political climate to use it was achieved.  I also suspect it'll soon be rolled out to a great many *more* places, regardless of how successful or otherwise this 'trial' is. Airports, train stations, bus stations, entrances to monuments, major bridges, schools, malls, houses of worship, major highways. Eventually, maybe, your local deli, the dog park ... the list goes on.  I further suspect a collection of undeleted 'background testing data' willl be gathered. Just for the purposes of 'configuration,' of course.  And how convenient when they'll be able to link our faces to our bank accounts, allowing facial recognition to automatically pay for our taxi, or our groceries! And profile our shopping habits! Looking for a little cash? Sell those old records out of your garage, assured you'll be paying those appropriate taxes on what were once cash only transactions!  It's a can of worms that's all for your safety and convenience, citizen. Now *pick up* that can!"
I’m sitting in the backseat while my friends are showing each other memes and laughing in the front Love it. Yep.
"Divorce Loan? Has anyone here had to take out a personal loan to pay attorney fees/court costs?  It seems likely we're headed to court, and I'm already almost out of money.  My only other options to pay for it are to either liquidate my 401k (which she might be subject to part of), or try asking for a family loan.  Any experience with this would be awesome...I don't know how people come up with $20-40K...I wish we could just agree."
"Advice for getting to sleep Hello, just wondering if anyone has any tips for getting to sleep at night?  I feel like I have a natural sleep cycle, it's just from around 3-11am, which doesn't really work in the 9-5 world. I don't often take stimulant medication, and if I do my last dose is early afternoon, I don't drink coffee or eat foods high in sugar. I've started exercising more frequently. I have a high pressure job in IT, and come 11pm when I should be sleeping my brain is in overdrive! I'm often still writing code in my head late at night.   I have read studies that say the ADHD brain has a delayed production in melatonin at night time which regulates the sleep cycle. I have tried taking supplements but these only really have any effect on a good day. A stressful day, no chance. I have a prescription for sleeping tablets and I don't really enjoy being reliant on them, but the alternative is trying to function at work on a few hours sleep.  My Dad said he was the same but grew out of it in his 30's. I'm still waiting at 34. (Written at midnight while my brain is just getting amped up thinking it's party time!!) Thanks in advance."
Anyone feel like physical health problems won’t be taken seriously because of anxiety? For the last couple Of months I have been having shortness of breath when talking out loud but not any other time it’s been getting increasingly worse over time and I know I need to see a doctor but I just know he’s not going to really look into it and say I’m having an anxiety attack even though I have had 1000’s of attacks in my life and this Is not one of them   Does any one else feel like doctors won’t take them seriously because they have anxiety?
"How can I help my friend? (I'm sorry if this was written badly)  &amp;#x200B;  My friend is suicidal. She has her suicide date planned and everything. She has been my best friend for 5 years, and I really do not want to lose her. Every night I will stay up until around 3 just in case she needs to talk, but yesterday I couldn't stay awake and she hurt herself again. I am extremely worried. She is one of the most important people in my life. Is there anything I can try to help her get through this?"
"I need Things to do Moved to a smaller college town about 6 months ago after graduating with my Bachelors. We moved here for my fiancée to go to medical school. The city is small, honestly wouldn’t even be on the map without the university.  With small city comes a small amount of jobs, and I’m currently working a job I hate for less than what I expected out of college because honestly it’s what I could get here. Being here with my job and nothing to do threw me into depression. Working with my therapist, I need to find things that keep me occupied outside of work that I also find fulfilling.  Any suggestions on things I can do or places I should go to utilize my downtime better than just nothing?"
"How do you talk to your counselor about having social anxiety? I think I may be suffering from social anxiety, but I don't know how to start the conversation about it or how to cope with the fear that comes with asking for help. Around november, my what I call 'people fear' got so intense that I started feeling it around my friends and immediate family. I've always been shy, but it had never gotten this overwhelming before. Normally, it would only happen around classmates, teachers, or strangers. But this time, the pain in my chest, the 'deer in headlights' feeling, didn't go away after talking to my friends. It would linger and I'd stay up all night thinking about what I'd said or did. I don't know how to describe what I was feeling in words, but this fear was terrifying. My heart starts racing, it feels like I'm having trouble breathing, I sweat through layers of clothing, I start shaking and I can't stop. I feel incredibly dizzy with no medical answer. I have been diagnosed with chronic migraines, but this dizziness only happens when I'm afraid and it has no other accompanying migraine symptoms. I went into the doctor one time to ask about it assuming I was anemic or something- all my tests were fine. He had no idea what it was.   Afterwards, the fear just kept getting worse, and around Christmas break it hit its peak. I locked myself in my room all day and night, and my mom started getting concerned. Eventually, I told her about it, but she's not very good with anything to do with mental health. She has a lot of negative misconceptions about it and around my friend who has bipolar disorder. She seemed freaked out about it all and assumed I was depressed. She made me run a mile everyday and took me to do retail therapy in the mall. During this time, my friend's mental health had been progressively getting worse. I didn't know it at the time, but my friend had attempted suicide. Fortunately, she survived, but with everything that was going on, this hit me really hard. I told my mom about this too because she noticed that I cried on the bus ride home. My mom assumed this was why I was feeling the way I was, and told me I should try to keep away from her. She thought I was saying this because of my friend's struggles.  I'm not sure if what I'm feeling is me just being shy, anxiety, or if I'm just overrreacting. This feeling has always been my 'secret'. I've pushed myself so hard to overcome it. I used to not be able to talk to almost anyone at all in school as a kid, but now I can- just with a lot of stress. No one seems to notice how shy I really am. The problem is not me not knowing how to talk to people anymore because I don't have much trouble with the act of talking to people. I can do it, but the fear that comes with it is overwhelming. I'm afraid that my people fear may actually be social anxiety. I'm not sure how to talk to my counselor about it though. How do I start the conversation? What do I say? Is it really worth it to ask what it is? Am I just shy and overrreacting about everything?   Sorry for the rant. I just don't know what to do about it at this point."
I’m slowly understanding mindfulness I have generalized anxiety disorder. Obsessively ruminating on the past and worried about the future. After this meditation session I slowly realized a bit more that all there is and ever will be is NOW. I can feel myself almost free from the shackles of my mind.
"Perverted desires getting me down Hey there,  Apologies for the NSFW content, hopefully it is not too inappropriate for this sub. 27 year old UK guy here, not sure what I'm hoping for necessarily by sharing this but hoping to find some answers.  I've struggled on and off with depression for most of my life as most people do. Some days are better than others and I have had spells with minimal ""down days"" over the years. 6 years ago I made a vow that I would seek to improve my life and so I started working out 6 days a week, taking care of myself, dressing well and trying to ""fake it"" confidence wise. I am generally in a much better place as a result.   I think the biggest area of my life that contributes to my depression now is sexuality. I first started masturbating when I was around 13/14 years old to ""standard"" pornography. As time went on, this porn started to get more and more extreme to the point where I couldn't masturbate without extreme bondage, multiple sexes and the weirdest stuff you can imagine. I have tried with some success not masturbating over the last few months which makes me feel much better and more energetic however when I get to around a week or so of not doing it, I have overwhelming urges which make me view the same stuff and even try to arrange for the same things irl. For what it's worth, I consider myself completely straight and generally pretty vanilla during actual sex/relations. As soon as those urges kick in, I end up masturbating, feeling ashamed and heading pretty much back to square one.   It's really affecting my interactions with women and I think also causing me to have ED.   I'm at the end of my tether with it, I'm not suicidal and have never had suicidal thoughts but I am feeling more and more resigned to this being a permanent issue that will never go away."
Anxiety increases when sick Does anyone else get more anxious when you're sick I've been having a pretty rough time over the past few days because I'm a bit sick is anyone else the same or is it just me
"Anyone here have any experience of NDRIs (antidepressants that affect dopamine)? Most antidepressant drugs are SSRIs and affect Serotonin levels in the brain but I’ve tried multiple of these and none have had a great effect on me. I’m current on Sertraline which is helping with my anxiety which is why I don’t want to change SSRI. But there are NDRIs that affect dopamine level and as far as I know can be taken alongside SSRIs.   Anyone have any experience of these? Did they help you?   And, very particular question I know but does anyone know any NDRIs available in the uk? The most common one taken with Sertraline (Zoloft) is Welbutrin, at least on the internet, but in the UK Welbutrin is only used to help people addicted to Nicotine and so my doctor won’t prescribe it. The internet has literally nothing on this so I don’t even know if any NDRIs are prescribed in the UK so if someone knew if they were that would be really helpful to me."
"I want to give up on all my goals and all my responsibilities, go to Comic-Con one last time, go to Disneyland one last time, and then say ""well, that was a good life. Time to be done."" Bucket List"
"The “What is on your Virtual Plate?” project is now live! The “What is on your Virtual Plate?” project is now live! I do hope your school will be a part of this easy, free entry into VR that connects students around the world!  I am so excited to share what your students are eating with my students and build our global connections from there!  How to: [https://cospaces.io/edu/vr-plate-lesson-plan.pdf](https://cospaces.io/edu/vr-plate-lesson-plan.pdf)  My recent interview about the project: [https://blog.cospaces.io/launching-a-worldwide-collaboration-student-project-3c11c37fa637](https://blog.cospaces.io/launching-a-worldwide-collaboration-student-project-3c11c37fa637)  Check out my Twitter feed to see examples. - [twitter.com/clinty](http://twitter.com/clinty)  And of course, let me know if I can help you and your school get this off the ground!"
You know you're in a bad neighborhood... when the dog-houses are boarded up.
"when you're cooking binge food and the last instruction is ""stir and Enjoy!"" I certainly will not but thank you anyway"
purging just because i want the nausea to be gone i cannot handle the nausea that comes with refeeding and i only have a really small amount of zofran. feel like Shit
"So my parents now know that I have suicidal thoughts and I guess they do not know what to do about it, but they do not want me to die so now they are just guilt trip the heck outta me saying things like ""If you do not know what to live for at least live for them"" something along those lines (it is a rough transition, English is not my first language sorry). they are amazing people and they know I love them so I guess I am trapped here till they die first. Guess I got to wait... (vent/rant, kind of)"
Finally Finally allowing myself to be happy with my life and choosing to do what I want. I don’t have to answer to him anymore or ask for permission. I see my value now and won’t let anyone else take advantage of that ever again. I’m ready to move on and be myself and find happiness with another.
"The most beautiful words your 4 year old daughter can say to a science loving dad... ""what's Jupiter dad?""  I couldn't get to YouTube fast enough! But of course as 4 year olds go, she was bored and started brushing my hair. Good start though!"
"Going through the motions. My resolve is slowly losing, the last year has been a total failure in every regard. I finished my master with above average GPA and a really impressive master thesis, everyone at the department  told me so. Yet, I could not find a single PhD position in the whole Europe, which has always been my dream.   I had to give up searching after while, all my funds ran dry. So i decided to get a job. I mean how hard could it be? I have a master in a difficult field with good grades from a nice university. After a couple of months of applying  and slowly becoming more and more desperate, I had to face the facts. No one cares about my degree, it has no use in the workplace.   So I gave up, swallowed my pride and got the same job as I had before I started my university education. I still tried to stay positive, I had lost my dream of becoming a researcher, failed to get a meaningful job were I could utilize my education. But at least I would not become homeless.   After a couple of months of working hard I slowly came to the conclusion that I would never find any meaning in this dead end job. But out of loyalty to my boss, who has always had my back, I will stay here. So I decided it might be time for me to find a steady girlfriend. During my years at the university I never truly had any time for any romance, my dream came first, so my only true girlfriend was a sad endeavor. It was bound to fail from start, which it did after a couple months, completely my fault.   However, it turns out being a quite cold and detached person, is not very attractive. Which is something I am not as well, attractive I mean. I used to be fit but I injured myself two years ago and now I get even train anymore, so in combination of being ugly, I am now over weight too.   I think, I have given up now. I will keep going through the motions for my family and my work. But I will never be the same anymore, I finally broke. After years of being bullied as a child, with long periods of sickness, hardly any friends growing up. I always convinced myself that it was okej, I could always dedicate myself to science, that I could still be of value to society this way.   &amp;#x200B;  I just wanted to tell someone."
"I'm done everyone, I'm sorry I just want to thank everyone here, if it weren't for you I would've done this a long time ago.  I've been fighting this sickness for far too long, unfortunately I give up. Never in my life have I felt so hopeless and worthless.   I've never experienced pain like this, it's 10x worse than any physical pain I have ever endured. I can't even start to explain what it's like. I truly hope no one has to go through this.   I am alone. I have no support. My Dad is unsupportive and tell's me to, ""man up."" My mother regrets my existence. My brother is a drunk. My girlfriend dumped me while I was on vacation last month.   I lost all of my friends due to this break up. She took to social media and said, ""I abused her, I used her for sex, I laughed at her while she cried."" The list goes on.   Every. Single. Friend blocked contact with me.   I've lost 22 pounds in 3 weeks, I've slept 10 hours in 4 days. I am mentally incapable to continue fightings. I am exhausted.  I didn't even write a note.   After I submit this, I'm going to take the rest of the Oxycodone and Xanax I have left, 31 pills in total, have a beer, and light up one last cigarette.   If you are reading this and have suicidal thoughts, please get help. I'm just too far gone.   I wish everyone the best of luck.   -Robert"
"I am now on vacation, so I am not going to commit suicide until july 30th. But idk what to do when I am home. I have a plan. First I am going to drink a lot of alcohol and then swallow a bunch of pills. I am so doneI hate everything, OCD, anxiety, depression and especially PTSD Tw- I am so tired"
recovery or excuses for binging What’s the difference ? Is there one? How do I feel happy and satiate boredom without going straight to eating ? I feel conflicted and I feel the weight gain I carry. But honestly? I don’t even know if I mind the weight gain
"Irrational fear of telling the whole truth I have diagnosed panic/ anxiety disorder.  I get no joy out of making stuff.   I try to not make things up, but sometimes I just say something because I am so scared of telling that person the truth, even though a part of me knows they wouldn't care.   'For example, saying that I am ok while a panic attack is happening.   Does anyone else do this?"
"What songs do you listen to when you’re depressed? I haven’t felt too good at all these past few weeks and music has been the only thing that has helped me, but I’m running out of things to listen to while I’m sad. Can you give me any recommendations?"
"We can all do this! I had really really bad anxiety the past couple of years. I had barely any friends from the internet, was into really dark subjects and feared speaking to almost anyone. I started getting in trouble and my grades were plummeting from ignoring everyone, because my mindset was that ""everyone doesn't like me, they're all looking at me, they all think I'm disgusting, this is gonna be forever."" I know how you feel, like absolute shit searching methods everywhere to try to get rid of anxiety. The thing is though if you want to get rid of it you need to start talking to people. That's the MAJOR thing you have to do. Even if you feel really uncomfortable, you start with small things. Like asking your classmate/coworker what time it is, talk about whatever your doing, ask for small favors like borrowing a pencil. When you feel more comfortable you can strike up a conversation about what your opinions are and ask about theirs. Sports, for instance. Or videogames, politics, YouTube videos and shows. It took me a while to get rid of all that built up anxiety, and I even have some to this day. That's because everyone in this world has some sort of worry about their life. The next time you go somewhere look around the room. Guaranteed at least 5-10 people have some sort of anxiety."
"The Tri-phase Depression. Hey all, sorry for the upcoming long-winded post but yeah, I'm feeling so down the past few months.  All started when my elder brother moved in, but before that, a brief background. I remember I used to have dreams of a particular job; well-adjusted, motivated. All of that ended when my eldest brother turned tail on me and accused me of selling secrets to a third-party, which I never did, but knowing that I might have wronged him, I apologized in a semi-self justifying way. That was my mistake, and of course he never accepted it. He was also backed by his wife and his wife's family over his decision to accuse me.  I looked up at him like a son would to his father, and his betrayal wrenched my heart so much it still hurts inside.  Moving forwards, not even my elder brother believed me, and kept telling me to admit my fault, in which case I never did anything. I also felt betrayed, but until the fateful day he was kicked out of living with my eldest brother, he didn't believe me and I rather liked living a pointless, solitary life with depressed me and my aunt. I didn't feel alive, but neither did I feel so utterly dead.  Now, when he moved, he's kinda bossy; the type to demand respect and not earn it. He forced me to find a job which created pressure and friction to my ego, because while I knew I was getting nowhere, I also needed the job, but he kept berating at me and my uselessness. It further spiraled my depression. This was the 'first' phase. Knowing full well nothing would go well with our permanent arrangement, I found a job at a colorless call center, which while greatly paying, stole all life I had on dreaming and hoping, and painted me an utter cynic. I only looked for the high of getting pay, feeding myself, and of course, pretending I was well while I was abused by customers. This of course continued until it was bearable to a point, but I was transferred between accounts. This shift in the playground furthered my lifelessness and having been moved to Comcast, because fuck Comcast, I handed my resignation and left the company. I found a job in sales, but the accumulated cynicism in the last 6-8 months killed whatever ability I had to close a sale. This was my fault, and no sooner than 2 months they kicked me out. I felt... free and semi-happy after that, ironically. It was shortlived, because I am fretting at the lack of funds I have (rather I built up some savings but I don't have income; that's distressingly worrying).  The call-center depression was over and I initially steeled myself to finding day-shift jobs. But, whatever happened, I wasn't able to find a job; due to circumstances, I can't *not* declare my 2 month stint because it would reflect on my taxes and I could get kicked for that. So I had to justify myself to companies who weren't really biting it. I don't want to go back to a call-center, but I guess I would still have easy entry over there.  This brings us to now. My elder brother is berating me for a lack of jobs, and when I ask him for advice, he basically tells me the obvious 'just get over it, be positive, yadda.' If I knew how to do that, I wouldn't want to stay being depressed. Then he throws me the bomb that I should shut up because my negativity was affecting him, and he wants to stay positive.  I feel massively betrayed and not too long ago I wanted to scream but it's the early mornings; I'd rather not. So I now feel incredibly useless, because I can't find a job I can tolerate, I feel non-functioning, all I do is worry other people and emit negativity, and I can't really help myself in any substantial way. Not even faith is helping me; it's even preventing me from dying because I'm too scared.  I feel so utterly useless and defeated, and I keep wondering why, if there's a protector watching above, why would they allow this? And I am so stretched apart I feel pained all over. Hell, basically all I do is mull over important decisions without deciding on one.  I feel so useless; and while I would want to visit a psychiatrist, I don't have the funds to maintain it.  I just wish I knew how to help myself. I'm still attached to the shadows of my past I can't move on to find better things.  I wish I didn't exist to trouble other people. So, apologies for having you listen to my rant; I have no idea what I was hoping to achieve here, looking back."
"Questions about Wellbutrin and Strattera Hi so I have combine diagnoses of bipolar ii, anxiety, depression, ADHD, and insomnia. I’m on lamotrogine, Zoloft, gabapentin, and lithium right now along with a bunch of supplement.   For ADHD, my best results came from a low dose of Ritalin taken as needed. Unfortunately the treatment center I’m at right now doesn’t want me on a controlled substance and won’t let me take Ritalin.   My psych recommended I try either Wellbutrin or Strattera but as a daily medication which I am wary of because I don’t want to have to take it everyday.   Has anyone tried either of these and, if so, what was your response to the medication? Did it help for concentration? Did it affect energy levels and/or sleep? Did it worsen anxiety?   Any feedback helps. Thanks!"
"Definitely In Over My Head - Cover Teaching w/o Experience I work at a state school in the UK that has hired me on as a part-time pastoral boarding supervisor and part-time cover teacher. While I work minimal hours on the cover teaching side (typically 9-4 on Mondays and Fridays; add in the occasional half-day of Saturday school), I feel over my head.  I'll be blunt in saying this is probably due to my general lack of classroom experience and inability to rapidly deal with so many expectant children thinking they can mess me about because I'm ""the substitute"".  First few weeks have shown I'm consistently raising my voice in order to quiet the classroom even though I'd argue that I've been getting better with 'setting the scene' (I.e. when I give instructions, you are quiet; if you have a question patiently raise your hand to inquire) and attending to individual questions.   Yes, my age groups are often between 11-15 years old, so perhaps this is a ""baptism of fire"", especially when considering having classes with 13+ students. That said, I'm someone who likes to adopt strategies to tackle problems and then develop from there. My lack of know-how, apart from minoring in environmental science - my main department is Geography - and being a decent all-around sportsman, put me in tricky positions when I'm asked to, say, cover 4 lessons of Math, arguably my weakest subject dating back to university and high school.  Any pre-emptive strategies to help ease this transition into a fairly informal niche of teaching?  (By that I mean rocking up on my assigned cover days to find that I'm winging a Geography lesson and essentially learning the curriculum with the kids.)  If there's any further questions I can answer for context, do drop a reply and I'll get back to you ASAP."
"Is it medication that helps with achievement? Or is it the fact that something externally finally validates your struggles and believes in you?? My story: My grades went from C+/B- to A+ the term after I had my meds. Then I got into a fight with my school's accommodations office (condescending, wouldn't accomodate me) and I stopped trying in school and now my grades are D/F LOL. (I still feel focused and able to work, I'm just working more on side projects instead).   I find lots of people attribute their success in grades/achievement to medication but I always think a lot of it is the motivation the ADHD diagnosis can give you. Just wanted to see what you all thought"
"Swallowed back in I have lived with this mental disease for almost 13 years now and when I was 20 I decided I needed to get help. I was so proud of myself, living with anxiety and depression I'm sure all of you know all too well how hard it is to pull yourself up when you're down. I was on meds for 4 straight years and I decided that maybe I could live without them. Maybe me knowing how happy I can be I could be, ""normal"" for once. I was wrong. Boy was I wrong. I was dating someone at the time of me going off my meds, to make matters worse it was a LDR so I knew it was going to come to an end. I changed. He noticed but he didn't ever hear me out on why I've changed and how hard I was trying. I was trying so hard to be okay in crowded places. I was trying to so hard to be okay meeting new people and not thinking that they hated me. I guess I couldn't do it. He said the words ""you aren't enough"". I know he didn't mean for it come out in a harsh negative way, but my brain turned those three words into- you were never enough for anyone and you will never be enough for anyone. Thinking back on my past family issues, past boyfriends, heck even past friends- I feel as if I truly was never enough. I could never be kind enough. I could never be there enough. That tunnel vision on those three little words led me right back into my depression. I became numb and went to the thing I knew best to make me feel something again- self harm. I think about dying almost every hour now and usually it was more of a bi weekly or monthly thing when I was on meds. I feel alone even though I'm not. I feel empty inside to the point where I don't even feed myself anymore. Nothing sounds good to me and when I do force myself to eat its only a couple of bites. I have lost 7 pounds in the span of the week that this all happened in. I know I need to go back on meds but I feel so weak. I hate what I have become and I hate that I need medication in order for my brain to function. I just want to be normal- I wish I came from a normal family. I wish we could change our own stories. I know I can't but I also know I'm always going to feel a little numb. (sorry this was more of a ramble than anything I just have too many thoughts rushing in my head right now I don't know where to begin)"
"Does anyone else.... Does anyone else get curious about their significant others’ ex’s? Like, I’ve heard about you but I wanna be your friend and find out what you’re really like/what you post/what you’ve posted about them (even though it’s been like months/years)   Or am I just weirdly obsessed?"
"Bank/Credit Union If Self-Employed? Next week I leave my corporate day job of 8+ years to work 100% as a self-employed freelancer. I currently have an account set up with a credit union for my freelance income, but I set it up years ago and didn’t really know what to look for specifically in ways that might benefit my needs. This may be a dumb question, but are there specific banks or credit unions that might be better for me as a self-employed freelancer?"
i dont exactly know how i relapsed so i have suffered with depression since i was in the fourth grade and then i always relapse after i get better or happier. this time when i relapsed which was around the beginning of 2019 it was worse than its ever been and people like my therapist and parents keep trying to figure out how this happened again and the thing is i cant exactly figure out a main reason this terrible relapse happened i wish i did. i do know that its a bunch of things that has happened that is causing it but my brain wont work or think about what it all is. is this weird that i cant figure out how all this happened?
"I am just so fucking done. Thinking about it, I would be forgotten within barely a generation. I matter to absolutely no one. The only note I would leave is to beg my parents not to destroy my art works, because I know my dad would do that if he had the chanceIt is a stupid thing to care about, but I hate that every person who called me a loser, pathetic, nothing etc were actually right. I am sure they will get a kick out of my death, not to mention a good laugh. Took Loads of Prozac and Went Looking for a Good Spot to Hang Myself."
"Could I have Bipolar? I recently went to a psychologist after an ""intervention"" from my family because I had textbook severe depression for a couple months. The psychologist said I had a lot of red flags for bipolar 1. I was sleeping 14 hours a day and taking NyQuil without my parents knowing to stop suicidal thoughts. I would rather be asleep than deal with thoughts. I was skipping school, practice, and extracurriculars and then failing tests. When I wasn't asleep I was in bed in a dark room just staring at the ceiling. To be all honest though it started before the depression. 6 months ago I was extremely paranoid. I was staying up all hours of the night checking corners and simulating what I would do if someone came into my house to attack me. It got really bad because I was sleep deprived and it devolved from just being paranoid of strangers to my close friends, watching their every move to see if they were out to get me like my thoughts were making me believe. Out of nowhere I started dissociating soon there would be 10 minute chunks of time where my brain would just disappear and I didn't know where it went. After this, I started to get paranoid delusions where I would believe the alien gods that live in a black hole were going to abduct me because I knew about them. I had a panic attack during my lunch period. At this point I had no idea what was going on I thought I was going crazy but because I even had that thought I knew I wasn't. Now this is where things went really downhill. I woke up one day with the best mood I've ever had. When I was at school, everybody thought I was high just because of the way I was acting. I was all spaced out and I talked over everyone.  Nothing I said made any sense. No one really thought anything of it though because everybody assumes I smoke weed because of my personality. I was functioning on 120% with less than 2 hours of sleep per night. All of my inhibitions left me at this stage. I started smoking on school property and also selling weed on school property. This is not something I would ever do because I'm a straight A student and I'm top of my class so this has especially a lot of risk. I was also very close to doing cocaine. This lasted for a week and a half. After all of this I came down really hard, and this is when my depression started as I explained above. I told all of this to my psychologist and she recommended me to see a psychiatrist as soon as possible because my manic like periods are dangerous. The thing is is I don't was to go to a psychiatrist because then it is more real and I might be too young to even get a mood disorder diagnosis. Oh yeah I forgot to mention I'm 15. I wanted to post this because I am so lost as to what to do. My mother is very concerned because of my depression symptoms and she is pressuring me to go. I'm conflicted. Should I go to the psychiatrist if so should I go asap or should I wait a couple of years?"
"Is this verbal abuse? I can’t tell... I’ve been trying to link some of my depressive thoughts back to my childhood. I used to get really bad grades after my parents split, and my stepdad would yell at me for it. One time he told me if I didn’t shape up, I’d end up sucking dick for crack on the streets somewhere. At the time, I was 11, and I didn’t even know what crack!was! This taught me to expect the worst from myself. Another time, he sat me down and told me that he loved me because he had to, cuz he was my step dad. But he didn’t like me. He told me my family is the only source of love, and that if I wanted love from other people, I had to earn it. That taught me that I wasn’t deserving of love from anybody. Also, I had a lazy lip when I was little. It made it hard to hold food in my mouth and also to speak. So when I was 7 or 8 I used to hold my mouth shut with my hands so I could eat right. He would glare at me when I did this, like I was a pus filled zit. He eventually refused to eat in the same room with me. That taught me I was disgusting, and ugly.  Most of the time when I cut, it was because of him. I learned I was a terrible, ugly, slob who didn’t deserve love from anyone. I had always held off from calling my stepfather abusive, because despite all this, he’s kind a heart, he has a lot of mental issues and was abused as a child way worse than I was. But on reflection, I really think he did abuse me, or at least, he simply neglected to think through his actions. I could really use some support here, what do you guys think?"
Dont know where this belongs Hi I dont know where I should write this but my friend tried to kill herself last night and I dont even feel sad or anything. I just feel kinda jealous that she was brave enough to do it while Im still here
Need some advice I’ve been struggling with my mental health for a few years now but I’m in my first year university and it seems to be interfering with my studies. I’ve always been highly motivated when it came to school and I barely scraped by last semester. I’m on antidepressants and going to therapy. Any other advice?
"Stranger danger packing an m16 ( Not sure where to post this but I’m just wondering what your guys opinion is)  Last night I met some chick online and decided to drive over to her neighborhood in green valley Henderson Nevada. Pretty fancy neighborhood with obvious HOA in place.  The incident:  So me and her are vaping my harlequin strain and talking about social anxiety and other science hoobla. I was parked with my car off and lights off. Legally I wasn’t breaking any laws.   In the corner of my eye I see this man with a Doberman and an m16 strapped on his left arm walking out of his garage and in my direction. If it wasn’t for the weed I would’ve started freaking out. But I was able to analyze the entire situation very fast. Even if he had the dog and the rifle it was all misplaced and would have taken him a minute to get the rifle adjusted while also letting go of the leash.  He walked past my car pretending to walk his dog, even though he only walked 5 meters past my car and proceeded to turn around and walk toward my car.   He stopped near the front door   The guy:  “ CAN I HELP YOU?”   Chick: “ yes everything is fine we are just talking I live here”  The guy: “ I don’t recognize this vehicle, are you sure everything is okay” (power hungry tone)   While all this was happening  I noticed he had the rifle on his left shoulder and it was in the way of the leash. Didn’t see any magazine but couldn’t be sure there wasn’t a bullet loaded. I wanted to step out and confront the guy under self defense, but the fact that he has the dog made my chances slim.  As a prior service combat medic in the army I couldn’t help but wonder why a civilian even has an m16 assault rifle. This was probably the first time someone came toward me with an assault rifle that wasn’t in the army and not at a shooting range. I don’t see any war occurring in our country.   The guy was obviously bored and wanted to feel powerful. I kind of wanted him to shoot me, so that the news can see that assault rifles are just bullshit in the hands of mentally unstable individuals. That would be a great cover story “ Mentally unstable man shoots prior service veteran”   Idk I was triggered the rest of the night because the dude literally walked off and stood on his truck observing.  I mean is it just me or did the guy come off as a power hungry sadistic fuck or did he come off as an “American hero” ? I doubt he saw my veteran plates on my car, but it was just odd you know.    Good things my social anxiety didn’t kick in"
"Tonight was that last time I fucked up a college assignment Tonight I feel free and sad, tonight I am ending what should have probably never started. After four years at college, half of them academically wasted, I am dropping out. I know the comments of how fucked up I am will come, I know my father that always thought I am a pussy will come and tell it to me on my face, I know all my family will talk about how shitty and stupid I am. Even when nobody had to pay tuition.    But you know, nobody but me was sitting his ass on a bus for 4 to 6 hours, every single day I had to go to college, just to arrive to a place that I never felt part of, a place with people that I know, but could never be friend of.      Now I have to decide if I am going to be homeless, get a job that I will hate just as much as college and make some money, or get a job that I like without making money. Right now the first one seems to be the appealing one."
"This is just something I wrote down.. The more I go on, the more I disregard my feelings. The more I try, the more I get hurt. The more I feel happy, the further I fall. The more I go on, the more I do not feel connected to anything. The more I live thinking it will get better, the more it gets worse. The more I want to end it. The more I"
"'The Presidents Club' closes following undercover investigation - The attendees demonstrate how the elites live above us all. Look at the list of those attending - my favourite example is this:  Phillip Green, who those in the UK will know is the prime example of an asset stripping shark, spends the evening with his good friends who work in Politics - such as former PM David Cameron.   The very same people who pretend to be investigating him for his actions (select committee hearings where he laughed at them), are then his friends once the curtains are drawn."
"How can years of anxiety effect you mentally and physically? Day you've suffered from anxiety for 10-15 years, what effect can this have on you?"
"Special consideration for PTSD So I’ve been studying to be an Early Years teacher. Which may seem mad for someone with PTSD, but it works for me.   I just can’t handle doing full-time placements. It’s too stressful. I need more rest and relaxation. I’ve read that if I qualify for special consideration the uni will let me do placements part-time.   Does anyone know if PTSD is recognised for things like special consideration? I feel embarrassed to apply."
"It isn't even the end of January and my mental health is in a better place than it was last year Last year was an awful year for me. It was filled with a lot of stress on my shoulders and it definitely got me down. I was stuck in a relationship that people considered emotionally abusive, only to have been cheated on. Since that break up I became very suicidal and felt useless to everyone around me. I'm glad that I pushed myself to get better. Because since then it has gone uphill for me.  It was a chance for me to finally take care of myself and not have someone stoop me down to their level. I've been keeping at it in the gym 5-6 times a week and I've been making sure that I'm talking to friends and family, as well as getting new hobbies. Everyone I know have been saying that I have been a lot more positive. I even went to Japan and it was the best holiday I've ever been to! Ive made a lot of plans for this year and I'm gonna make it a good one. Im glad that I'm able to handle my depression and not let it beat me again."
"I’m afraid i will never get a job Hello I’m 14 and a freshman in high school. I have a ton of conditions that keep me from doing normal life things. I am currently diagnosed with high functioning autism, semi severe pots, severe ADHD, generalized anxiety, mass cell activation syndrome, EDS, mild scoliosis, and severe insomnia. I’m afraid with all of these conditions I can’t get a job but I feel like I couldn’t get a disability pass? Card? I don’t know the thing that gives u money if you’re disabled enough. I don’t think I could get a job because everything stresses me out to the point where even fun things stress me out. I’m afraid I will die because I can’t get enough money."
"I'm about to cry over these practice questions For the last hour I've been trying so hard not to cry, I'm starting to get a headache. Even my throat hurts from that stupid lump that happens before you start bawling. I'm overwhelmed and really just want to cry but I know once it starts it won't stop anytime soon. I'm taking the GRE next week, have a quiz this week and need to ask a professor for a recommendation tomorrow. I would have asked friday but I was on the verge of tears then too and was afraid I'd start sobbing in her office. I'm pretty sure these are the same tears I refused then (so ignoring it isn't working as well as I hoped). At least it feels better to acknowledge it; tomorrow morning its back to being ""fine"" to anyone who asks."
"Depression free for almost 3 months. Baby steps. I’ve posted in this thread a few times, mostly seeking help and guidance. But for the first time I’m posting here to let you guys know I’ve been pretty good. I’ve actually been depressed free for about 3 months. Crazy, considering I’ve lived with depression almost all my life and it seems that I’m getting a break for the first time. I feel like I can actually breathe for once and that the universe is starting to turn things in my favor. I started a new job about 3 months ago. which has played a key role in everytbi g. It’s a good job, good pay, good people. Aside from working I’ve also been at a peak in my creative aspect. I enjoy photography a lot and lately my work on social media has gotten lots of attention. It’s brought new clients and new opportunities my way and I couldn’t be more happy about that. With that money I’m using it to travel as much as possible this year. From New York to Oregon to outside the country like Mexico, Canada, and Cuba. All on my list this year.   I’ve just taken a step back to really appreciate things that I was blinded of because of my depression. I spent the second half of 2019 just working on myself and addressing my biggest flaws. Loving myself more. Traveling to new places. Recovering from heartbreak and sadness that plagued the early months of the year. Early 2019 was a mess. But now I’ve realized I have a lot of good friends and good people in my life. Most of the friends I lost have returned and I couldn’t be more happy. Learning to love myself has helped me see my worth, knowing what I deserve. My ex tried to make a comeback in during this new year but I’ve rejected her and don’t want anything to do with her, even though I had a soft spot for her. It’s time to move on. Time to let go. With this energy and progress, I feel that 2020 will be a year to remember."
. holy fuck being extremely lonely fucking sucks i just feel like shit all the time and im losing interests in everything including video games and i cant fucking bear it any longer
"Anxiety from watching people being deceptive in tv/film Over the past year or so I have noticed I cant watch someone being deceptive without feeling really anxious and having to turn it off. It sounds really silly but wether it's someone cheating/gas lighting as in Dr Foster or a more conman type thing in Sneeky Pete I get very tense, feel nauseous and dont want to look at the screen (almost a sense of impending doom). I realise this prob isnt what this group is aimed at but this is my first experience of anxiety and once I experience it it's hard for me to get it to leave me. I dont know how to deal with it and it can pop up in films or tv I'm watching with my gf and really spoil the night as I feel almost panicked. I've never been unfaithful and I'm an honest guy so I have no idea where this is coming from. Any advice would be appreciated. Thanks"
"What are y’all shooting out of your .223 Wylde AR-Platforms? Hey all,  Doing a little research on what people shoot out of their .223 Wylde’s. I’m looking at picking up some 75gr SMKs, thoughts?   Thanks!   Edit: twist is 1:8"
"Encouragement appreciated So this is my first post here, and I feel like I’m doing this out of desperation. Last Friday, I got blackout drunk and passed out by like 3pm (terrible and irresponsible, I know). Well the next day I was of course hungover, but also had a 9 hour drive to the beach, a vacation thats been planned for months. So I have of course been anxious about the trip and the car ride, but I felt like absolute hell from my hangover. And I know that being hungover multiples your anxiety symptoms like crazy, so needless to say, I had an incredibly rough day. Thankfully my boyfriend was driving, but we had to make several stops so I could throw up and walk around because I was so close to a panic attack all day. 9 hours straight of severe anxiety and panic. Made it to the beach, still felt anxious but was able to go to sleep.   This morning I woke up at 6, couldn’t go back to sleep. Was feeling so anxious, heart racing, nausea, shaking, crazy thoughts. Tried my best to take some bites of cereal. Ended up feeling alright and was able to enjoy a few hours on the beach. Around noon, tired from the night before, I took a nap. I woke up at 140pm, immediately upon waking, heart racing, full body shaking and nausea. I can’t even throw up because I have barely eaten anything in two days. At this point I’m like are you kidding me?? So I start to spiral again, and I call my mom. She tells me I should go to an urgent care or something so of course I listen. My boyfriend takes me to urgent care and I feel like an idiot bawling in there to the doctor but she was very nice and gave me a small prescription for Klonopin.   So here I am, laying in bed. I took the meds about an hour ago. Not gonna lie, I still don’t feel very good. I was able to eat some toast and drink some pedialyte. I know hangover effects and anxiety stemming from that can last up to 72 hours after the fact but man.... if anyone has any helpful words, advice, or relatable stories I’d really appreciate it. Ive already got a number saved to call tomorrow to get a therapy appointment back home because this fucking sucks.   Also I’ve already been diagnosed almost 10 years ago with depression and GAD and take lexapro for that, so this isn’t necessarily new. Just on a much higher level. Thanks if you read this mess lol"
What do you call someone with no glasses? Someone with excellent vision.
"[SC] Girlfriend stopped by police, they find cocaine under passenger seat Hey, just need some advice for my girlfriend.   She has no prior record, including no drug use. She doesn't even hang out with anyone that does cocaine.   She has had several false DSS calls on her multiple times by her ex husbands now baby mama saying she was actively doing drugs, which they are not together (she has multiple false rape accusals as well).   Her ex husbands baby mama is a heavy cocaine user, many texts and messages of proof to this fact and is the first person that comes to mind.   Yesterday night leaving her house for a few hours she comes back and there is urine at the end of her bed where no one would lay, as if they just walked into the room and pee'd right on the first part of the bed they could get to (she has no pets). She called the police and they came in and took a report of this   The next morning she immediately gets pulled over by a police officer who insisted on searching her car, which he started before she vocally consented for a search. She later on told them it was fine that they search the car, they end up finding a dollar bill underneath the passengers seat covered in cocaine. At court she learns someone called in a tip that she had drugs in her car, for them to search and find cocaine which she has never touched in her life.    I honestly have no idea what to tell her in this situation besides find a lawyer to look over this, this is the kind of story no one will believe her. What do we even do at this point?"
Getting muscles and training for marathon? So I am training to run a marathon this summer but I would like to build som muscles and get bigger aswell. How should I do it? New to training.
"22. First job out of college Financial advice required Hello. I am 22 straight out of college. My job pays $65k a year plus $15k bonuses plus at least another 5k-10k in stock. I have ~$25k Roth IRA and another $45k-50k in stocks/highly liquid assets. No debt and no credit card currently. I am in the San Francisco Bay Area but have no overheads other than a few thousand a year in transportation, let's say $5-$7k. What should I be doing financial, I am already contributing the maximum amount to my Roth IRA but what else could I be doing, should I build my credit score? I want to own a property in the bay area soon but the real estate here makes that expensive af."
"need suggestion about my son. My son, 4 year old, cannot speak properly. He cannot pronounce most of the words, he cannot understand few sentences while he understand few sentences.  like when i say him to bring ball or some toy, he happily run and bring that but when i say him to bring some other thing like wiper, towel or some plates, he even dont understand the sentence. he cannot tell his name, father name etc. but when he is hungry, he ask for lunch or dinner but cannot say the name of dish. he is not social, he also beats his own sister. DO u think its autism? or recommend me a doctor to consult. Whether to consult a psychiatric, ENT, neurologist etc"
i can’t do this anymore. All my life i’ve had horrible anxiety and depression had just been a side track. once i started taking medicine for my anxiety of course it got better but my depression is at the worst it’s ever been. i had tried taking antidepressants before but they never really worked. i feel nothing. i am completely numb. i no longer have emotions and i can’t show any. i used to cry every night and now i can’t even make myself shed a tear. i’m ready for my journey to end.
"I just recently attempted suicide, by a car crash on may 2nd. And I am so disappointed I stayed alive I so wish I had died. (I got a tbi and a titanium plate put in my foot) I was thinking I wanted to try again immediately (as soon as I get my license back to go walk in front a truck driving on the highway) but I just put my family through a lot, them knowing I attempted suicide, and I do not want to survive again and make my family pay big bills for my injuries (at least with my car crash we got good ass car insurance) and my family might be going to wdw together, so I am kind of excited for that (because I love traveling with that one side of my family) also some people have not officially said yes to it yet, so if they say yes then I think I will wait another year, if they say no, come September/october ish I will hopefully be gone. One more year"
"Realizing I'm autistic has made me feel hopeful for the first time in my life. (28F) I've always hated myself. I could never understand why I'm so weird, why I struggle with basic tasks, why I never fit in, why the littlest things stress me out so badly it sometimes makes me physically ill. I've had suicidal thoughts since elementary school. I've been diagnosed with depression, anxiety, and OCD but that never quite explained everything. I'm unemployed, uneducated, and completely alone except for my amazing dad who has always supported me.  A few days ago I randomly stumbled on [Tania A. Marshall](https://taniaannmarshall.wordpress.com/2013/03/26/moving-towards-a-female-profile-the-unique-characteristics-abilities-and-talents-of-asperwomen-adult-women-with-asperger-syndrome/)'s work regarding autistic women. It was like reading a description of my own brain. Suddenly everything made sense. All these individual aspects of my personality that I always hated coalesced into a single explanation and for the first time I felt like *maybe it's not my fault*. Maybe there's a reason my brain works like this. Maybe there are other people like me. Maybe I can stop beating myself up over every stupid thing I've ever done. Maybe I can be happy.  I have a doctor's appointment this week to start the assessment process. I even called to make the appointment myself! I know it's too early to be sure of anything and self-diagnosis is often inaccurate but I'm determined to see this through."
"Today is my birthday. Its the fifth one I will spend alone. There is nothing more in the world that I would like than to get home from work and slide onto a couch with someone I care about to just watch a movie and fall asleep cuddling.   I feel like I made a choice some years ago to cut out the part of me that was vulnerable and now I can't allow myself to take chances on meeting someone new, and now the though of meeting that person makes me so afraid I'd prefer to fight a bear.   I've been trying for a long time to let myself be vulnerable again and let someone else into my life, but all the traditional things haven't worked (therapy, meds ect).  At this point it feels like I'm running out the clock, just tiredly going through the motions until I don't have to anymore. It's not a great feeling."
"Do normal people feel like this? Hello, trying to ascertain how normal/ ""mentally ill"" I am.  &amp;#x200B;  I used to think I was normal, but suicidal and depressed due to a logical and/or philosophic conclusion. But I'm not so sure anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  Do normal people think about killing themselves every day? Probably not, but do they think about it at all? How often?  Do most people enjoy life? They don't seem to, but I guess they enjoy it enough not think about killing themselves.  I think about killing myself all the time. I make lists and draft suicide notes. I mentioned this to a doctor who I see regularly who knows about my depression, and it alarmed him greatly and made me realise ""shit, that's bad right?"" because I dunno, I don't think much of it when I do it.  Earlier today, I was reminding myself how to tie a noose and looking up to see if the hardware shop had ropes in stock.  I've been on suicide forums, pro-suicide chat rooms etc. but eventually stopped.  I've considered and planned how I am going to do it, but never the when.  The only thing that stops me is the currently-living-guilt of how it will affect those close to me, but that is slowly getting whittled down to the point where there are days when I am very mentally ready.  If I had access to a button that would switch me off, I would have pressed it a hundred times over. The process of planning a successful suicide and tying loose ends, leaving notes and addressing people, sorting out my belongings and cleaning up after myself is usually a hassle that puts me off when I'm very ready. But there are many times where I just wished I had that button. If I lived in a place where firearms or euthanasia were legal and easily available I'd probably be dead by now.  I think about it every day tbh, and often not even in distress. I've felt this way for years. I first felt this way around the age of 14, and it scared me then and I tried, and wanted, to fight it off. Now I'm 27 and thinking about suicide is not scary, it's something I hope to achieve once I get past this guilt thing.  It's just become a thing I think about all the time, and it clouds my every decision. I've become nonchalant about the whole thing at this point because it no longer worries me, but I often forget how serious and worrying it must be to others.  So am I mentally unwell? Or is this just who I am? I just can't make sense of anything right now. I really don't know if I can be helped. I don't know the toll of thinking about suicide every day for years on end has taken on my mind.   Any insight will be appreciated. Thanks."
"I have wanted to die for almost 10 years I have been struggling a lot recently with depression and suicidal thoughts, not really any more then normal for the last few years but I am tired of feeling this way. I wake up most days feeling fine, but as the day drags on I wish I was dead more and more. I don't have a plan but I constantly think of ways I can die all day. One of the main thoughts is that I will get hit by another car on the way to or from work, or that maybe someone will freak out while I am at work and stab or shoot me. I have days of clarity and I feel like I am on top of the world, but at the back of my mind I know that soon I will go back down and just keep repeating the cycle. I work Security at a hospital with a psych ward and it makes hesitant to get treatment, I am worried that a Doctor will feel like I need to be put on a mental hold and I will be stuck in a hospital with my coworkers all judging me and telling everyone I am there. When I was 17 I was put in a psych ward by my parents against my will, I don't feel like it helped at all, in fact I feel like it was detrimental to me. It was where I first heard of self harm, I don't think I would have ever even thought of or tried cutting myself If i never went there. It also gave me a fear of being trapped, I get really anxious if I feel like I can not leave somewhere. I don't really know what I want from posting this and I feel like I am starting to ramble, maybe just getting all this off my chest will help me."
"Jumping sensation in head This started two months ago in the middle of the night I woke up and I felt like I was jumping fast up and down in my body even though I was completely still.   It started happening again last night and it keeps happening today on and off. It feels like I’m jumping up and down fairly fast, even though I am not moving. I feel most it my head.  I’m a 17 y/o female, I sometimes have anxiety but it isn’t horrible and I haven’t had an episode in over a year; but I’m not sure if this is anxiety or not. I am menstruating right now but I also felt it before when I wasn’t menstruating, but it wasn’t happening as often. I’m a hypochondriac so I don’t want to freak out and think it’s a seizure."
"Depressive relapse and best friend Hi, I’m kinda new to Reddit and especially this page. I’m a teen girl with clinical depression and an acute anxiety disorder. Due to the COVID19 outbreak, I am no longer allowed to leave home. This means no social interaction. As someone with anxiety, it seems like it would be a blessing. However, my depression heavily relies on me being social to get better. Because of this, I have been having relapses. Nothing as major as before, I’ve been self-h**m free for a little less than a year and haven’t had s*uicidal thought in a year and a half. Recently, my best friends father has been diagnosed with cancer in his stomach, and it has spread. They don’t know how they’re going to treat him or if they even can. They do not know how much longer her has, and this weighs heavily on my friend. He loves his father dearly. I can’t even see him irl to comfort him. We try to live our lives through FT as normally as possible, but he’s rough. He needs me to be happy but it’s hard when I can barely keep myself happy. Any tips or guidance would be appreciated, I haven’t been able to see my therapist and won’t be able to for months. (I typically see her AT LEAST once every other week)"
"i know exactly how i’ll do it i won’t search it out, but when/if the opportunity arises, i know i’ll take it. and i know it’s only a matter of time"
Trying to find help My depression has been here as long as I can remember.  Same with anxiety.  I am trying to find my way.  I have no motivation to move or do anything ever.  I do not want to go back on Anti-depressants.  It kills my sex drive and most of the time the side effects suck.  Does anyone have any treatments they recomend?   Tell me about it!  I would like my life back.  I use to love to do so many things but now I just dont want to do anything but lay in my bed.
"Getting confused about my consultation process (Canada) Over the last 4-5 months, I had been dealing with feelings of depression and anxiety. So much so that it was affecting my work and had been noticed by my manager, which resulted in a meeting about 6 weeks ago. I confessed that I was having these feelings and he was very understanding when I told him I had made an appointment to start seeing a  psychologist.  After a few sessions (I had seen my therapist a few times before when I was having difficulty at my previous employer), he said that maybe my problems may be stemming from undiagnosed adult ADHD and encouraged me to see my physician for a referral for an assessment.  One week later, my physician refers me to a psychologist who does ADHD assessments for $800 - which should be covered by my employers benefits. 10 days later, I do my assessment and lo and behold, it comes back that I do have ADHD.  10 days after that, I go to see my physician again. This time it was for a check-up at the suggestion of my manager who suggested getting checked in case there was a physiological cause of my depression and anxiety. I had forwarded my assessment onto my physician in hopes that we can talk about it and see what the course of action is. My psychologist said that the likely treatment will be medication. At this point, I am relieved that the assessment has focused the picture, and now I can start to see something that resembles a clear path towards the future.  My physician took a look at my assessment, and said he would like to look it over before calling me back and deciding on a course of action. That was 10 days ago. This morning, I called to make an appointment to discuss my assessment. The receptionist told me that I was somehow wrongfully referred to a psychologist and would now like to refer me to a psychiatrist, which will take about 4-5 weeks for my first appointment.   Now I'm starting to feel annoyed. My previous physician moved to a new country so these are my first interactions with a different physician at the same clinic. Thus far, I'm not feeling terribly confident in how he has handled the process. I'm told by the receptionist that my healthcare should  cover this visit to the psychiatrist, but I'm just thinking that I've already done an assessment and I just want to start, or at least develop, a treatment plan.  What is a psychiatrist going to do that the psychologists that I haven't already? Should I consider finding a new GP? Am I overreacting?"
"Petty? rant about (separated) husband and his ""sticky fingers"". We've been together for over 25 years, there is more background to our relationship than this post but I'm tired of b'ing to our kids (all young adults) about their dad. We've been separated for 2 years, divorce will probably happen this year.  For years, this man sees something that he likes, he just takes it and claims it as his own. Today we needed an item from husbands vehicle (parked a short distance away where he's living; he's out fishing all day). So youngest child and I go to husbands vehicle to recover item and I find several random items of mine/household in his vehicle.  The other day he brought over empty boxes for the rest of his clothes to take with him; he left so I decided to pack his clothes for him. Lo and behold I found dress socks that belonged to one of our sons and winter/heavy socks that had also been missing from son.  We each do our own laundry so there's no possibility of items getting mixed up with others. This man had to go into son's room and take them.   ARGH!"
"PARENTS Please tell your children how much you love them. As an only child my life has been pretty lonely. It’s always just been my parents and I, and now that I have been living away from them I realize they are such a big part of why I am still here today.   I don’t like to dwell on things, or complain. All I can say is I struggled very much in my teens up until now in my mid 20s mentally; and the only thing I have ever had to fall back on was the thought of my parents.   From an extremely young age I was told by my father and mother how much I meant to them, how proud they were of me and how much they loved me. To this day weather I call them or they call me, there is NEVER not an “I love you”. I’ve been told this so much in my life that I just know it by now. I’m told almost every conversation how proud they are of me from my “accomplishments”. How proud they are that I am their daughter.  The point of this is-at my darkest of times, where I have felt unwanted, not needed, unimportant or just like I couldn’t do it anymore, the thing that stops me in my tracks is the thought of my mom and dad. The thought of what would happen to them if I wasn’t around is something I can’t imagine.   Just please, make sure your kids KNOW you love them. It may not always be easy, or somehow may be uncomfortable; but just do it. You could never know it but you could be their one reason for waking up everyday."
Where is all the 22 tcm 9r ammo? Father got one of these little handguns and now he can't find ammo anywhere.  Is there a recall or are they canceling it?
"Explanation for independent discovery of major vulns? Sometimes long-lasting major software vulnerabilities are independently discovered by multiple parties.  Examples:  1. https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2016/02/extremely-severe-bug-leaves-dizzying-number-of-apps-and-devices-vulnerable/  2. Heartbleed http://readwrite.com/2014/04/13/heartbleed-security-codenomicon-discovery/  3. Meltdown http://meltdownattack.com/  4. Spectre https://spectreattack.com/  One explanation is ""It's just chance."" What are other explanations?"
"So I am 17, nearly 18 and I cannot help but feel like these are supposed to be some of the best years of my life. Except they are really not. Some days I feel so suicidal that i struggle to get out of bed and I constantly feel like I am not good enough and that I am a burden. I have an amazing boyfriend and I am scared he is going to end up hating me because of all the horrible things I say that I do not mean. I am working on it but its going to take some time. But the friends thing is eating me up. I have nobody expect my boyfriend and he could just leave one day. I have a job and I get along with some of the people a similar age to me but its nothing meaningful. Jts the same at college. I get along with people but they would not want to go for a walk or to the beach ect. I hope I am making sense. I do not know if anyone else out there feels the same. Like nomatter what you just cannot seem to make friends, even though at one point you probably had alot like me.I feel like I am surrounded in an invisible bubble of depression that I cannot see but everyone else can, and they stay as far away as possible. I have no friends. I have never felt more alone"
"Creating opportunities for poets and writers struggling with mental health to be heard Dear poets and writers of r/schizophrenia,  I'm from a writers’ resources company called [Winning Writers](http://www.winningwriters.com/), and I'm also the mod or r/literarycontests.        Part of our mission at Winning Writers is to find and promote voices and themes        underrepresented in publishing,  including (but of course not limited       to) racial, cultural, national, religious, gender/sexual identity,   body     positive, and \[dis\]abled. I’m  posting here specifically   because our     long term goal is to change the  composition of our   entry pool to     include more entries featuring diverse  characters and   themes. These     voices need to be heard, and we are  actively   reaching out to find  them.  We are currently looking for new talent in humor poetry, short fiction and essay:  [The Wergle Flomp Humor Poetry Contest](https://winningwriters.com/our-contests/wergle-flomp-humor-poetry-contest-free) offers  a first prize of $1000, a second prize of $250, and ten       honorable  mentions of $100 each. Entrants are invited to submit humor       poetry on  any theme. The top twelve entries will be published   online.     The  contest is international and the deadline is April 1.   The  contest is     free to enter.  [The Tom Howard/John H. Reid Fiction &amp; Essay Contest](https://winningwriters.com/our-contests/tom-howard-john-h-reid-fiction-essay-contest) offers  a two first prizes of $3,000 each (up from $2,000 last year,)      as   well as ten honorable mentions of $200 each. Entrants are   invited   to    submit short fiction and essays on any topic. The top   twelve   entries    will be published online. The contest is   international and  the  deadline    is April 30th. The fee for the   contest is $20.  We      started   implementing a policy of reaching out specifically to  groups       dedicated to connecting/celebrating underrepresented voices a  couple     of   years ago, and I'm glad to say that we have seen our  entry levels     from   these communities rise. We'll be continuing with  this effort   in   order  to  keep trying to get as many people into the  national  and     international  conversation on literature as we can.  Sometimes        when I post, there are some replies worried about a scam, so in     order    to head that off I just want to say that our competitions are     listed  by   The Write Life as some of the [top writing competitions out there](https://thewritelife.com/writing-contests/), and we’re in Writer’s Digest’s [top eight sites for writers](https://www.writersdigest.com/online-editor/top-websites-for-writers-best-publishing-marketing-resources). Besides contests, we also offer a lot of [free publishing and style resources](https://winningwriters.com/resources), including a [database of free poetry and prose competitions](https://winningwriters.com/the-best-free-literary-contests), at [https://winningwriters.com/](https://winningwriters.com/). And of course, stop by our subreddit for daily submissions opportunities worldwide, [r/literarycontests](https://www.reddit.com/r/literarycontests).  I        know this isn't a writing sub per se, but there are a lot of     talented    people here and I just wanted to reach out in case anyone     was looking    for an opportunity like this. Thanks for listening, and     have a good  day."
"I'm stuck in the dark and can't get out.. I'm your average high school student, like there's nothing special about me, I am in all normal classes and work a part time job and I don't know whats wrong with me... I do a lot of set design for theatre at school and i had hoped that being surrounded by such happy people might help pick me up but it didn't, hell I even got myself a nice girlfriend but whenever it feels like i need her she doesn't respond... I've been down with the flu for the past couple of days and i haven't even gotten a check up text from her when her other friends have reached out to me... my parents have been caring for me which is nice but their another part of the problem, i'm being smothered by them constantly about school and work so much it's crazy. My mom tries to have so much control over my life 24/7 and I'm 16, like i have a car and a job and shit to do but she has to control every choice i make. It doesn't help that my girlfriend really doesn't help or talk to me that much either.... I don't really know what i hope to accomplish with writing this and posting it here but i might as well right? This is a forum after all...."
Ukraine jet down in iran Are we going to figure out that there was someone on that plane entangled in the US/Russian/ukraine drama that just wouldnt kill themselves?
"The girl I love left me for someone else The girl I love left me for someone else, I don’t even know what I did wrong but boy does it hurt.  All those nights we stayed up together talking until the sun rises, those countless secrets we’ve told each other and our hopes, goals and dreams.  All that just left when someone else just walked in and how she just turned away for him. Then again he’s a lot better looking than I am and more successful in his goals.   I really don’t know what to do but cry and feel like I can’t do anything in life right now.  I hate myself so much, I really do......"
"Just learned a (very) little bit about Fixed-Rate bonds - what's the downside? Long story short, I was doing some google searching to try and figure out what kind of short-term bonds give the highest yield - I was thinking about the 12 month ones that seem to be yielding somewhere around a quarter-point below 3%.  Instead I ended up finding articles about Fixed-Rate bonds in which investors are ""disappointed"" with ""only"" 7-8% yields! I learned a little bit about why these types of bonds exist and a little bit about how they work (i.e. like how the bond issuer can call the bonds earlier than he maturity date), but I'm still confused as to how they ACTUALLY work or how to even put money into one.  The stock market itself has averaged about 10% over the course of its existence and is supposed to be relatively risky in the sense that you won't know what might happen in the short term and that's only a few percentage points over the fixed-rate bonds. What is the catch? What prevents more people from simply buying into fixed-rate bonds? Is it a problem of availability?"
Always knew it would get me. TL;DR :  Can't ever get drunk enough to actually care about myself or my future.  My bad if this has been addressed in earlier posts.  I guess I was born into alcoholism after the state and county says this to me multiple times.  After their classes that I'm forced to take with AA that scares the crap out of me as they're zombies forced to talk to God and our class as they replace booze with coffee (yuck).  How I got here is that I started drinking with my best friends when I was 14 just having fun and vacuuming up someone's puke that couldn't make it through the evening.  I was always around kids 14 to 20 smoking weed and taking pills.  I ran away from this life as I saw people gettting in trouble or ruining their lives with the pills and weed (in the bible belt.)  You would think that this was my wakeup call to clean myself up and it actually was except beer.  I went to multiple friends funerals that passed away for multiple years because what they where doing (Selling pills and real drugs.)  So we're going into 2020 and I find myself hitting up breweries every night after work.  I'm always the fun guy that everyone loves (yes probably because i tip well.)  Also nailed my 3rd DUI that scares the poop out of me but not enough to stop my daily brewery hopping.  I guess i flee the country or state?  Found out my family background last month. Mom's side is straight Alzheimer and Dementia.  Dad's side is alcoholism and suicide including himself and his Father.  If you made it this far thanks as I just wanted to unload for once.  Looking for a cure we don't have I guess.
"GUANFACINE EXPERIENCE, Adults? Hello, I am wondering if any adults (over age of 20ish) have used guanfacine (or specifically Intuiv) as part of their ADHD medication regiment? Did you have good experiences? Does it work well, especially for emotional regulation? Was your doctor willing to easily prescribe it to you? I am looking for feedback because articles I have read seem to indicate it would be very beneficial; however, my therapist seems rather reluctant to consider it an option for me (even stating its more for children)."
"Desperately need help with academic/general burnout I have generalized anxiety disorder, and I'm in my last semester of college - completely online now in light of the situation with COVID-19. I was having some pretty serious struggles wirh burnout before I was confined to my appartment, but everything has gotten so much worse now that I'm home all the time.   I have absolutely no motivation to do any work for my classes and I have no idea how I'm going to finish this semester, even thought I would rather die than graduate late. Be that as it may, even my impending graduation isn't enough to motivate me. Everything I turn in is either late or garbage. I've spoken to my professors, who have been understanding of how the quarantine has negatively impacted my mental health, but I'm at a loss for what else to do :/   Should I just accept that I'm going to be spending an extra semester here?  Edit: not even 2 minutes after posting and my long-distance boyfriend texted me that he's getting a cold/getting sick, so now I'm convinced that he's going to die of coronavirus"
"Estoy aqu de nuevo, no se que hacer, ando pensando en suicidarme con frecuencia desde 2019, viv en otro pas con amigos pero all me sent tan mal que tuve que regresar a mi pas de origen. Vivo con mi familia a quienes no consigo hacer entender que mi idea de suicidarme es algo que me tomo en serio, ya lo dije varias veces y no toque ms el tema. ltimamente la frustracin conmigo mismo es demasiado, estuve medicado un tiempo pero ODIO con todo mi ser como esos frmacos me dejan en un estado letargico, otros no me hacen nada. Ac en mi pas, exactamente en la peque;a ciudad donde vivo no existen medios de atencin a casos como el mio, solo sanatorios y hospitales que no tratan casos como el mio, no tengo DINERO (parte de mis problemas) para costear un tratamiento.Estoy elaborando un plan para desaparecer, busque un puente/viaducto muy alto que varios cientos de metros debajo est lleno de malesa y creo no es posible que recuperen mi cuerpo.,No har notas ni videos de despedida, por el contrario estoy poco a poco des hacindome de fotos y elementos que me identifiquen, no tengo telfono, no hablo con amigos, no salgo de casa, borre ya hace muchos meses la mayora de fotos digitales y pienso destrur los lbumes familiares, documentos, y todo aquello que hable de mi paso por este mundo. estoy exactamente a un mes de cumplir mis 35 y la verdad no quiero pensar en que sern ms. La frustracin hace que mi ansiedad se haga insoportable, el paso del tiempo es un tormentoSi alguien tiene alguna sugerencia para desaparecer mi cuerpo y/o borrar rastros de mi muerte me gustara leerlos. Agradezco no aparezca gente con palabras amables que busquen reconfortar, eso me irrita mucho por que no consigo empatizar con esos mensajes y me hacen sentir an peor por no ser como los dems que se motivan. Suicidio (es)"
"The Future I’m so scared of the future right now!! I can’t stop thinking about if I will be successful, or if I’m gonna be like this forever! I don’t know what to do."
"growing up Disclaimer: sorry for my english, it's not my first language  I'm 16, an average highschooler, but I can't enjoy my life like other ppl my age usually do. I go panicky whenever I think that soon I will be an adult. Mentally I feel like i'm twelve. I'm doing pretty great at school, I'm this kind of nerdy kid who is called smart by the teachers, but irl I feel super lost. I just want to stay kid forever and play pokemon on my DS, I'm not scared about getting a job and having to pay bills, it's not the case, I actually want to work in IT. It's just that I'm not ready for a romantic relationship, I get amused by really childish stuff, despite being kind of smartass I'm very immature emotionally, I just feel like my body is aging by my mind stays the same. Due to that fact I cry pretty much everyday. Whenever in some show, game or anime there's a character who's a kid I just have a breakdown and get super nostalgic and cry. I have this vivid memory of me being like 12/13 lying in bed at night and crying because someday I will turn 18, I'm getting closer to being 18 everyday and I just don't want it to happen so bad. Due to all this stuff I just can't really enjoy life anymore, I just want to sleep all the time so I won't think about growing up. It just feels so wrong, I lost all of my interests, It's hard to play video games anymore or even go to the shower (gross but sometimes I just don't do it). Basic stuff seems like a huge challenge. I mostly sleep and binge youtube and that's all. I feel like i'm wasting my last years of childhood and I cannot really do anything about it."
"Crying myself to sleep Hello reddit. I am a college student who has his life in shambles. I have radically changed my routine and now I study much more.  The problem is that this change in routine came with a cost, my mental stability. I cry when I wake up, when I get home and when I get to sleep, all secretly of course. I havent cried in years, and I believe that now I cry and have genuine thoughts of killing myself because I know how stupid I am and how much time I have lost.   I want everything to end, I am so tired and it has only began.   Anybody wanna talk?   Thank you"
"Need to finish Major Project, All I can do Is Stare At my Screen Where does this paralysis come from? I have a major project I need to finish that I've been working on for a year. It's a film so there's no external deadline but my self-imposed deadline is this month because I need to finish it and move on with my life. I put a lot of time and money into what I hope will be a big step forward in my career as a filmmaker and now I feel like I'm failing at the final hurdle. I've got all the video and I just need to edit it. And every day I fire up my computer and look at the files and just...don't make any progress. I move a few little things around, never finishing anything. This has gone on for weeks. I feel a massive sense of brain fog and lethargy but the doctor assures me my blood sugar and hormone levels are fine. So why do I feel stuck right now when I should be finishing this major project and moving on with my life? What is this anxiety-induced paralysis? How do you find the energy to push through and finish your stated goals?"
"so after being seriously depressed for months (to the point of using alcohol to cope) and going through a couple of depressive episodes for at least a year if not longer, coupled with low self esteem and almost if not no self worth for as long ad i can remember, i finally decided i needed to get help. However, i did not have a primary care doctor so i booked an appointment with a pcp to specifically talk about my mental health to talk about actions to take and discuss how I have been feeling. after asking me several assessment questions (again this was the entire point of the visit) she told me she believes i have anxiety and depression and prescribed me low dose zoloft. The first night I had terrible anxiety and could not sleep. last night was a little better but still, i could not sleep. Today was particularly bad. My mind started racing and i was incredibly depressed for about 3 hours after taking it and had some pretty dark thoughts. i was in bed in the dark and that did not help, so i tried watching a funny show and playing video games. not even 10 minutes into both of those activities and i lost interest. i finally decided i needed to do something so i decided to bake and cook dinner. i still felt horrible and i started panicking scared i was just going to continue to be sad and be depressed forever. i sat there worried i had too much time on my hands and i was going to be sad all that time.(i do not have work until later in the day the bext two days) again, still having dark thoughts. after reaching out to a couple people and getting affirmations from them i started saying out loud that i am worthy and that i do not deserve to feel like this and that i will get better and live a long good life. and that it does not matter if everyone else thinks I am worthless, i know i am worthy. i am worthy of getting better. and i will. i repeated this to myself for about 20-30 minutes and it completely lifted my mood. i feel so much better. I am apprehensive to get too excited though because I am worried its just a side effect of the medication (I have only been on it for 3 days) and that it will wear off. I am hoping that is not the case though because it feels good to feel more normalps. yes. I do plan on seeking therapy. Improvement? Or just a side affect of medication?"
This whole pandemic is triggering my anxiety so bad. They stopped mental healthcare and I have a anxiety disorder and chronic depression.   On top of that Ive had chronic pain since september and more and more healthcare is being put on hold and I have no clue how long it will take.  If only the pain would be gone it would atleast be a bit more bearable :(
"Feeling like I’m losing my battle Ever since December was ending, I became more depressed and suicidal. Now every time I wake up, I’m upset that I’m awake. It makes me wonder if the depression medication I’m on... is actually making me feel more suicidal than I was before. It’s worrying me a little because it’s the new year and my will to live is fading. I feel like lately I have no energy. I’m more sensitive emotionally. I just want to lay in bed since video games doesn’t appeal to me as much as they use to. I can’t tell anyone my feelings because I have a hard time opening up. I haven’t started therapy because the therapist was booked and I won’t call the suicide hotline when I feel suicidal because I heard bad things about it. It just sucks that when I finally get help. I start the new year wanting to die x10000 more than I usually do."
"Charisma As a guy with SAD/AvPD, I struggle with dating. Not because of what happens on dates but because I can’t really find ladies that will go out on dates with me. I'm 36 years old and I’ve only dated once and that was during my more adventurous years. I feel that my main issue is that I don’t have enough charisma. I’ve been told this before by women too. Men that are more charismatic seem to be more successful with life in general. Some can be jerks but as long as they act the right part, it’s all OK.People can have terrible personalities but still get what they want because they know how to charm the right people. They know how to brag on themselves and how to get the right attention to their actions. I feel like people like characters more than they like good character. People seem to value niceness more than true kindness.    When it comes to dating, women all seem to want a guy that can charm them more than anything else. My problem with that is that charisma can be fake and divisive. Some of the most charming people in human history were also some of the most cruel. Also some of the biggest liars in society are the most charming as well… lawyers, politicians, used car salesmen, etc..    I also feel that when I talk about issues like these with other peolpe, they just see it as my problem and they don’t really see how my point is valid(?). I guess it’s the unpopular opinion.    Does anyone else agree or have anything else to add?"
Why am I never someone’s first choice? It feels like I’ll always be left behind. I’ll always be the one to start a conversation. Nobody would actually call me on discord. I’d always be the one calling them. Nobody would text me on whatsapp unless they need something for me. I’m like a consolation prize for when you’re bored or when you wonder where my classmate is and I’ll tell you he’s in class or on the first floor.
"I don’t believe in friends This is my second post on this subreddit (In the past post I was talking about how i didn’t make any friends in school) . So after I graduated school i was able to get in university, Pre-first day we all had to do simple test, that morning I said to myself “ok buddy just be open person and try to speak to someone and everything is going to be ok”. Eventually i get invited to a bar with people I have talked with. University publishes who is gonna be in which group according to the points on the test. So i try my best to be more open  and actually talk to people. Became friends with some people in the group, got invited to a several parties. So it seems like I have a normal life ? But still have that felling that this is just a time friends. I don’t really think anyone of them will be my friend after university ends."
"I found a cool place So, I found this place on the internet. I was able to talk to somebody and it was nice. Thought I’d share the website here if anyone wants to try it, too. www.7cups.com/16720077"
"I’m torn between the options of taking Lexapro for my Anxiety &amp; Depression since it might help or just dealing with it, which can be demoralizing. I’m not sure if anyone else feels this way, I’m pretty sure there is someone out there that does. I’ve done so much research on antidepressants, and I’ve come to the conclusion that there really isn’t any conflicting evidence that it’s safe long term right at least from what I know and it seems like it only helps some people. Some people say I should try the trail and error method, until I find the right one but that means having to go through the side effects of every drug or drugs just to see if it “‘might” work? The side effects are awful, I almost couldn’t function last time I tried a antidepressant. I’m at point in my life where I do really want to try medication again and stick with it but the more articles I read about how antidepressants “may” help but they might also be dangerous and not the answer or that depression &amp; anxiety comes from our external environment, the past, the economy etc etc. I’ve read articles that talk about how a chemical imbalance isn’t  the real reason for depression. I just don’t know who to believe at this point. People say the big Pharma’s are just trying to make money and don’t really understand antidepressants and some people say that depression &amp; anxiety should be handled without medication?"
Who do you go to when you have no one to talk to? I got into a pretty bad fight with my mother but I admitted I was wrong and apologized. I'm not perfect and people make mistakes but according to her my apology means nothing. She's said some pretty awful things to me and I don't even want an apology back from her just for her to accept mine but she is ignoring me. I feel like just walking into traffic atm I think it would be better if I did honestly.
"Thought broadcasting, you are not alone. It's terrible, meds don't work for it, and people don't believe you, but I'm just letting you know you are not alone or crazy."
"My story I am 31, I loved drinking all my life. I have been doing it for around 15 years, drinking more and more. I am now drinking a lot and I can see that it is too much.     I am now in a point in my life that I feel does not require this much alcohol and would like to slow down. Can you guys share some advice?      I need to lower down drinking and keep the high dopamine and find some other pleasure. I thought a lot of sex or dedication to business could help me.     I feel I am in a good position because I don't have all the normal stuff - girlfriend, driving license, business. But I have this great job, that I so much wanted all this life. I feel like it's time to pick up the pieces and create something special.     Again, I want it to be smooth and slow. Do you think I can get normal again?      Thanks guys     &amp;#x200B;"
"I am just EXHAUSTED from social life I just can't handle it anymore. I don't really know why or when exactly my SA got to this point but I can't deal with it. I come home every day no matter what just feeling mentally exhausted and heavy.    Whether it is freaking out because I must be a friend or don't have enough friends, or crying because my family secretly hate me, panicking because I must be annoying or just hanging out with my friends. I can't do anything anymore without this embarressed guilty sad feeling.    I am comsumed by the thought that all my relationships are frauds. I suck at texting, I don't have a lot to say if we aren't together, I suck at having stuff to say in general. I'm so scared my friends will get bored or forget me because I can't text.    It is honestly so suffocating to hate yourself this way and to be so consumed with yourself you are obsessed with everyone else hating you. I just feel nothing in my life is authentic or real because I can't be present anymore.    I'm so god damn unhappy I don't understand how everyone else does this day by day. How do you not care. If this is all interacting with people will bring then I don't see how I can care.    My new therapist suggested two appointments but I'm too scared to call her back because I can't make either of them so now I know I will just obsess over her hating me and what a burden I am.    I know I'm blessed in life and things could be much worse but right now this is the worst pain in the world and I am so exhausted I can't fight against it anymore."
"I feel so manic, and I'm scared to hurt the people I love. I don't even have the energy to really think about what I want to say right now. I just feel like I'm in crisis and I haven't felt this way in so long.   It's been building for a week or so, and now that it's climaxing I have no idea what to do. I've already resolved to not injure myself, and I'm going to try my hardest to stick to that, until these feelings pass.   I just want to do something risky- something absolutely insane."
"For those of us on stimulants: Take care of yourself! I’m not sure how much of this is physiologically true or if it’s just a placebo, but I’ve noticed that my Vyvanse works wayyyyy better when I’ve gotten enough sleep and I’ve been drinking water all day/consistently while I’m doing work. Staying hydrated may or may not work for you guys but there’s a noticeable difference for me. I find I can work longer and stay focused more maybe because I’m less focused on trying to keep my body healthy.   It works for me, so maybe if you guys feel like your meds are getting less effective try drinking more water than you usually do. Hope this helps!"
day dreaming hey I'm here to ask for help.So for the last 2~3 years of my life I have been day dreaming a lot like 70% of my time I spend just walking around my room day dreaming it's even got to the  point that I can't even watch movies / series anymore bcs I keep imaging my self in the characters situations and stop watching .It's very satisfying and it's almost like living a new ''better'' life.  should I get help /is it serious or does everyone have it . thanks
I'm on Roluperidone a new medication for negative symptoms experience and AMA Roluperidone is currently in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of schizophernia. Particularly for the negative symptoms. I just thought this might be an interesting experience to share.  I am not in a clinical trial and i cannot say how i got a hold of this medication so as to not encourage others to do the same. But I've been on it for a few months now.   the TL DR is that yeah it seems to do something particularly I've found that I'm interested in things again. that organic impulse that comes naturally to everyone has somewhat returned.  It is definitely not a cure by any means. But it does appear to do something.  there is possibly a small effect on cognition.
"My gf(F19) will ignore me(M18) for emotional reasons but will still text her friend who is her ex Me and her have been dating for about 5 months and everything has been going really except one thing,She is friends with her Ex. I've been nosey before and went through their messages when she wasnt around and Its nothing suspicious. They usually talk periodically throughout the day about boring stuff and send memes.  Now to where the problem starts... She suffers from diagnosed depression. She has explained to me that sometimes she wakes up feeling gloomy and doesn't feel like talking for the day. I have no problem with this as it only usually happens maybe twice a month, But when she gave me the password to her Instagram for unrelated reasons I noticed that on those days she will still communicate with her Ex. As usual,Its nothing suspicious. It's just the ""hey how are ya""/ sending memes type stuff. But it still doesn't settle right with me. I'm thinking about telling her that if she doesn't talk to me for the day then she cant talk to him either. Her and her ex being friends has been the focal point of many arguments in the past and I dont want to start another if I'm just overthinking/reacting. Any advice?  TL;DR - My ex ignores me sometimes due to depression but will still talk to her friend who is her ex"
"I was raped and am suicidal and no psychiatrist will see me for 4 months. I am diagnosed with PTSD from a childhood incident. After I graduated from university, I couldn’t see my psychiatrist anymore and had to find an outside doctor. My town is well-known for having a shortage of psychiatrists, so against my wishes my meds lapsed and I’ve fallen off of them for the past two years. It’s been hard, but mostly manageable through things like deep breathing, meditation, and marijuana.   I was raped on New Years Eve and have been increasingly suicidal since - I ended up throwing out a bunch of old ropes and such in a moment of clarity because I know that’s how I’d do it.   I broke down today in a fit of tears and tried to find a psychiatrist via the ER doctor who processed my rape - she said no one is available until the end of April. Not in the hospital, not in the outpatient centers, no private clinics - nada.   I feel I can’t even trust myself to not step into traffic tomorrow, let alone for the next 4 months. They said my only option is to be committed for three days in our local psych ward - I was there two years ago and it was horrible. I wasn’t allowed to shower or brush my teeth or change my clothes. I was injected with Valium multiple times a day for no reason (I was never violent or even self-harmed, I just cried a lot). I was treated like a sack of flesh they had to deal with.   I really don’t want to go there again but I’m afraid it might be my only option. I need medical care and no one seems to be willing to do it unless I waltz into the ER with a knife to my neck."
"I cannot be saved. So why am I posting? Honestly, I don't know. I just don't know. I've been selfish my whole life. With every gain of those around me, I obsesses on how it benefits me.   I've been at war against my own existence for so long that I cannot find an ounce of compassion for myself, let alone for others. I find myself awake at most hours, restlessly aware of the experiences and materials that brought me into being.  The people around me are also painfully aware; they're not stupid. At this point, I simply make them uncomfortable and inconvenience them.  I'm tired. I'm just so tired. There's nothing left.  I'm moribund.   Why am I stalling?"
"Hi All,I am a 27 year old male and I am soooooooo fkn depressed and down about the state of my teeth. I have just got clean after a 4 year battle with drugs which have thoroughly ruined the majority of my top teeth. I still have my front 2 and 2 on the right but that is it. I am missing 4 at the bottom aswell but they are back ones which do not particularly bother me. Since I have been clean I have tried to upkeep my appearance and have noticed my front 2 teeth are definitely loose. I am petrified they are going to come loose and then I do not know what I will do. Although I am clean I still cannot get a job and am unemployed and I am now worried this will lower my chances even more. I cannot even afford dentures and in Scotland we have the NHS. I am thinking dark thoughts as I cannot imagine being the ""young druggie"" with no teeth. Any advice would be great.Regards,PJ I have ruined my teeth due to years of neglect"
"Just a tough time I’ve struggled with some form of depression for as long as I can remember... but these last few years have been really good. I got my career and had long term goals and plans with my partner. Everything was great and anything that happened was easy to manage.   We broke up and now I’m just lost. She’s my best friend and always will be, but this is hurting more than I could have ever imagined. I can’t get through the day without breaking down massively at least twice. I’m so tired but can’t sleep. I’m usually a big eater but now I’m not hungry. Everything I do eat makes me feel sick.   I’m just writing this here because I have no one to talk to. No family and my only friend is out of the country and apparently busy. My now ex and I have been talking things through and it helps a little bit. Also helps that I haven’t lost her as a friend.   I don’t really know what I need. I just want it to stop."
"Long term experience with depression Anybody here who's been dealing with chronic depression for a long time? 10+ years continuously for example. I'm quite young myself but even being a college student I've gone through so many ups and downs with this shit I'm getting pretty desensitized. Like you ever feel miserable about yourself but at the same time you understand that your actual circumstances aren't bad. I know that I'm not ugly, I know that I could do my schoolwork if I tried harder, I know I have friends and family and I know they're supportive, I know I'm relatively healthy. But despite all that it just doesn't ""click"" or whatever. I still get scared anytime I think about approaching new people, I still struggle with motivation for school and I let myself fail assignments that I could have finished if I just put even a little more effort towards them, I still avoid going to the gym no matter how many chances I get to go. It's like my brain just defaults towards being depressed and self-hatred. I know they're terrible habits and I have the experience to recognize and stop them, but it just comes back around every single time. Long term change is something that you have to achieve personally, nobody can do it for you. Nonetheless I just don't seem to understand how to make the connection between action and mental state. My mental state is like a series of ups and downs that just keeps steadily trending downward. Medication is honestly really helpful but I still struggle with taking the next step in major lifestyle changes that are necessary for actual growth and living productively while depressed. Anyone have experiences similar to this, or thoughts about this type of situation?"
Whats the best whiteboard pens? I'm fed up of mine drying up and running out! What brands do you recommend for a long lasting board pen?
Wanted to share accomplishing a goal. I am very overweight at 275lbs. Running is without a doubt my weakness. I have an app that is supposed to help me get from sitting on the couch to running a 5K in 9 weeks. Its been 5 years. I had been stuck on week 3 for this entire time. Which is running for 90seconds walking then running for 3 minutes and doing that again. I have recently passed week three and got to the end of week 5 which is running for 20 minutes straight.   My brother who is helping me train for the a Spartan race told me its more important to build than endurance now than speed. So I slowed down how fast I try and run and have been making huge improvements.
"I Can’t Do It Anymore. So Tired. I’ve been suicidal before, years ago. It was a reaction to events or circumstances in my life at the time. The main thing keeping me from ending it all was a fear of hell. I grew up in a very religious home.   Now I’m almost 40. My faith has eroded away to being agnostic or even atheist. I just don’t care. So, if I no longer fear hell...   I just want to vanish, like a bubble popping in a breeze or a light turned out at the end of the day. Poof. Gone. I’m done.   I don’t want to “get better”, I don’t want to be happy. Yes, this probably all sounds pathetic, but I don’t care. If someone said you’ll die tomorrow I would be relieved.   I hate people. I hate the daily struggle. I hate anxiety and depression.   That’s my Monday morning. Thanks for reading."
"moments of happiness sometimes i feel happy, but they feel like matches in a cold night, insignificant in my suffering, it just doesn't feel worth it, just venting tho."
"How to deal with my urges to runaway? I want to leave my family, start over in a new city. How do I combat these desires?"
"25 year old in need of serious financial advice for the planning of buying a house and wedding in roughly 3 1/2 years. Currently have 50k in savings and adding a fair amount to savings each month. Hi, I’m currently 25 YO and looking for some serious advice for some financial life planning with short term goals. My SO and I are planning on getting married and buying a home in the fall of 2022. I live at home rent free and recently paid off my student debt and have 50k remaining at the moment in my savings (a low interest money market account offered by my bank) My only bill is my car payment ($500/month).  For personal detail reasons I created a throwaway acct for this specific post. This year I will earn 106k 2020- 118k 2021-140k 2022- 150k  Retirement aside ( I already have a 401k set up and contribute) what should I be doing with my savings money at the moment and money I’ll be adding going forward? I usually add around 3-4k a month to my savings currently. Keep in my mind that a lot of this money is needed to be spent in roughly 3 1/2 years so I’d prefer for it to be risked and open to big loses as I need a lot of it to purchase my future home Looking to spend anywhere from 600k-700k on a home with 20% and the wedding maybe roughly 40k? Unsure if the current money market account I’m in is the best thing to be doing.   Aiming for purchase of home in summer 2022 and wedding in fall of 2022 (I know that seems like a lot in a small window but I’d like to take advantage of these last few years living at home rent free to save as much as possible )   Unsure if this is helpful info as the post is tailored towards my income and savings but my SO currently earns 60k/yr and has 45k in her savings.   Sorry for the lengthy post but trying to add as much detail as possible and don’t want to be limiting myself with my savings as I hear people talk about how it’s waste to have money just sitting even though I plan on spending a large portion in near future so I’m unsure what the smartest move is.  Thanks in advance for any and all advice!"
"second time baby woohoo I've always believed my mom was a selfless, hardworking woman but was I fucking wrong. She immigrated from Mexico illegally and purposefully fucked up the whole birth control situation just so she could bang my dad, get pregnant, and force him to get her papers. They divorced when I was 8 (thank god) and it never affected me much. When I was 10 my mom found a wonderful man, and got married because she actually fell in love, shocker, I didn't know she was capable of such emotion. Now she wants to divorce him after they had my baby brother, I'm almost 100000% sure she fell out of love and wants his money but doesn't want to fake being in love anymore. I'm so fucking mad, I'm done, this man is a wonderful man whose basically been my second father. If they end up divorcing I'm planning on moving in with my biological dad as I can't move in with my stepdad legally."
"Problems with school and life in general Recently I started to have abdominal problems, I've went through many tests and I'm even waiting on some results now. We can conclude at this point that my digestive system isn't working as it should. This has kicked off major anxiety and panic attacks for me I've always felt anxiety and I've had panic attacks before but I felt like I had it sort of under control or at least in a state where I could function. All of a sudden these problems have made my life so much more difficult. I can barely sit through a full day of school because I'm often just staring at the clock waiting for it to be over.  I feel pain in my stomach and just panic and I feel like i'm losing my mind. Whenever I try to talk about it I just cry and sometimes it makes me feel so weak like I'm not strong enough to function normally.  I'm scared and feel like I'll never be able to control myself again.  It all makes me over think a ton as well its kinda like I'm going down a spiral"
"Homeless and alone. I'm living in a van. All is survivable. Food and water are here for me. I work a full time job. I have a comfotable parking spot (Northern California).  I'm 21 years of age in a few weeks.  I normally only drink when around friends after work. They seem to accept me more when slightly intoxicated BUT, It would appear to be also pushing them away (complicated). In the midst of the COVID-19 crisis, I feel even more alone. I feel like (drunk or not), that being 2000 miles away from family renders me completely useless to anyone. That my existance does not matter. I know we all have our own personal matters that always come first. That being said, I even mote alone.   I'm just not sure how to cope. I've been away from home for quite a long time. I'm by myself. It's tough to get out of bed everyday amd go to work. I feel useless.  Anyone have a sentence or two that might help me feel useful? To feel like less of a burden to those around me? Maybe provide personal direction to me?"
"Moved abroad and pretend I have friends to my roommates Hello everyone!   I just moved to a country in Europe from the US, and I have two temporary flatmates. I’ve been here for a week but I feel a bit like loser because I haven’t been able to make any friends. Sometimes I go for walks alone and tell my flatmates I’m meeting other people. Ugh anxiety sucks"
Constantly questioning everything freaks me out I have this thing where I question literally everything. And I mean literally everything. Now it’s progressed to questioning stuff like is this even real? Am i even real? And it just makes me feel like I’m not real. Been having multiple panic attacks a day because of this.
"I can't see my bf anymore Here's the thing, my bf just told me she was doing some orientation in her new school, and i didn't know that she would move to another uni, i thought she will never move, we promised to go to the therapist together because she has problems with her anxiety. I've never seen her since the semester started, i thought she's busy with her council, but i was wrong.  She used to calm me down when i was so angry, we used to go to the cafe talk about coffee or stuff, we used to talk about our life, we used to see each other in campus even tho we're not in the same major.  And now she's no longer here i don't know who i should talk to, because she's like everything to me, i can't replace her with another person, she lied to me about she won't move to another uni, she's afraid that i would be really sad if she did, and yes i'm really upset, angry, sad, a lot of things started going through my mind.  Just help me, i don't really have friends in my campus, she's the only one who can understand me."
Latuda and Klonopin I was just recently diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. I cannot take SSRI'S because they give me serotonin syndrome.    I was taking abilify and they want to switch me to latuda. I've never taken it and read some awful stories about it. Now I'm scared to try it. Anyone have any experience with it?    Also I'm taking 0.5 Klonopin as needed for anxiety. Whenever it wears off I'm in the worst mood ever. Like I turn into a rage monster. Is this normal?
Easter? Was there even an Easter 2019? I don’t remember it at all and neither has anyone I’ve asked. Wtf
"""Breaking in"" an action I recently purchased my first factory new shotgun (Remington 870 Express, pump action) and the action seems quite stiff and doesnt slide very smoothly. Have I improperly oiled/cleaned my gun, or does it take a few trips to the trap club for it to get broken in?  I am only moderately gun savvy, so any tips are appreciated!"
"Can't take it Can't sleep, can barely eat anything, so fucking anxious all the time. I feel disgusting because I am disgusting. Idk what to do to distract myself and get over it, I don't want to do anything but lay here, I want to waste away."
"I don't think I even have friends I feel like everyone just hates and ignores me and I don't even know the reason!  My best friend found new friends and now doesn't talk to me!  It feels like she is deliberately ignoring me but I can't confront her!  I try to find reason and they shut me up saying that it's nothing.  When I finally build the courage to confront them, they blame everything upon me.    I feel like I am falling from the top of a tall building but can't see anyone below to save me."
"How can I deal with the fact Adderall changes me? Starting last month I began taking Adderall and instantly noticed a difference. The medication works extremely well in regards to me being able to get done what I need to get done and my mind isn't in 15 different places at once, I'm goal oriented and simply want to attain them. I can actually have conversations and focus directly on the person. It truly has been life altering, I feel like I've almost ""woke up"" in a sense.  The thing I've realized though is that the ADHD truly made me who I am personality wise. I'm not as funny, I can't just point things out when I'm talking to my friends to make them laugh when I'm on Adderall. Everything feels very forced. I feel the same but I'm focused so I'm just unable to tap into what made me ""me"". It's like the medication helps me socially focus wise while simultaneously giving me a handicap if that makes sense. I feel like there's two versions of me in a way. My normal, unmedicated, happy, all over the place self and this medicated goal oriented, motivated version, although these goals are still things I'd want to do without medication it has just been like climbing up a slide covered in oil my whole life.  I feel like I'm having a hard time letting go and just allowing the medication to work and take its course, I keep over analyzing all of this and driving myself into this endless vicious cycle in my mind with no end in site.  TLDR: Adderall changes me for the better but I'm scared of not having control anymore and not being my ""ADHD self."""
"Do anyone else just want the day to end, but don't want to go to sleep because you don't want tomorrow to start? There have been so many nights where I just can't fall asleep because that makes tomorrow come ""faster""."
"What kind of paint should I use to paint my gun? I wanna paint it some nonstandard noncamo colors. A lot of gun paint is green, brown, tan, etc... I dont have any specific colors in mind right now"
"How to deal with corona fear? Hey all. I've been developing an obsession about family members dying with all the corona hysteria. Even after telling myself the facts, this obsession feels more real than ever with all the panic and talking about disease. What are some ways you all have found to cope with fear of loss without feeling like you're ""ignoring an emergency"" or something?"
"I am tired of moving forward and no matter what I do to make myself a better person, I still feel like shit. Fuck everything and fuck my life, I hate it. My time needs to come soon because I am ready to let go. Nobody would give a fuck anyways. I think the world would be better if I did not exist anymore"
Doctors not taking me seriously but I’m convinced that something is serious I’ve had health anxiety for years and convince myself I’ve had everything from a brain tumour to endometriosis and all have turned out to be nothing.  However for the past 2 months I’ve had a lymph node in my neck pop up and rapidly grow (it’s now about 10cm) and others popping up too. I’ve felt extremely fatigued and had really bad chest pains and I’m convinced that something serious is going on like lymphoma. I think it’s mainly because I can actually feel the growths that is making me panic so much. My doctors are fkn useless(in based in UK) and I have to wait 3 weeks for an appointment and when I was last seen about this I saw a nurse who said she thought it could be tonsillitis (despite me having no sore throat etc) and she sent of culture swabs for infection which all came back negative. My anxiety waiting on this next doctors appointment is getting out of control. I have exams this week and I haven’t been able to sleep and barely eat for almost 5 days now. I’m riddled with anxiety convinced I’m dying and stressing out about how long it will take to be diagnosed. If appointment in 2 weeks is helpful my doctor would not be able to diagnose me and would need to refer me to an ENT which would take a further minimum 2 months to be seen. I’m just convinced I’m dying and that it’ll be too late before someone helps. I wish I had money to go private but I just don’t :( looking for any advice to try and subside the anxiety as it’s taking over my life atm
"Tingling left chin and other parts - should I be concerned? Hi guys,  So straight into it - I was stressing (panic attack probably) about my brother’s health (He got Leukaemia a few years ago) because I had thought it had came back. Also been pretty depressed thinking about in the past 2 months (never knew how bad it was).   Now when I was worried about this, I felt a tingling sensation on my left chin. This was around two weeks.  Maybe 4 times or so this has happened, however recently it feels like it has been more recurring (not sure if focusing on it has to do with it). I was super stressed thinking I’ve got cancer so I got my CBC, which there was no issue with.  Now I went to the dentist today and told him about the tingling. He said to me to get an x-ray and he really wasn’t sure why it was like that. My wisdom teeth had came through and he was pretty stern on me getting it checked. That scared me a decent amount, he said that x-ray will show what the problem is.   Since this ordeal and getting the all clear after the CBC, I will get random tingling throughout my body for a few seconds in small sports it goes away. (As soon as I move my limb or finger, they go away) I’ve also been a bitch more itchy of late and get the occasional sharp pains.   However apart from this I’ve been fine (no other symptoms) Eating a lot, lots of energy, no headaches, not feeling tired, no blood in stool and no night sweats. I’m just concerned what this could be. Should I be concerned?   Thanks guys love you all!"
"My voices are getting worse By worse I don’t mean like violent or anything, just more constant. I’m only 15 but it started when I was 13 I would hear people talking during white noise, rain, and wind. I was diagnosed at 14 when I caught a possession charge and went to court ordered therapy. The only thing that helps is heroin but I’ve tried to quit twice already. I don’t want to end like my dad but I really can’t help myself. I went into psychosis twice because of weed and adderall. I’m starting to feel better now but I thought the world was fake and everything was in my head. Now I’m not even sure if I’m schizophrenic. I want to think that it was just a bad reaction with the drugs but I don’t know for sure. My favorite voice is also the only one with a name. He’s named Lucifer, like the devil, but he always tells me when something bad is going to happen and how to avoid it. I think I’m crazy"
nothing I want and need to feel that I am doing. I know if I fail I will be devastated. I know if I succeed I will be content. In either case I'd want to die. Either facing failure or finally reaching some happiness. I know I would want to die in either case
"Broke up with a BPD girl. This is what I've learned As the title says. Well she's not really my girlfriend. We were exclusive but we never announced it to the world and our friends kinda knew but were never really sure and I was ok with that. The reason I never wanted to make it public was because I was in a relationship with a BPD before and this is my second one. I was wary of her when she got too close too soon and sure enough the BPD came out in full swing almost a year after after we met.         I'm sure she cheated on me a few times. She was just hinting at it to me from time to time. At one point she did the whole ""I'm no good for you"" routine and at that point I kinda knew she started straying already at least emotionally.          In the end I guess she broke up with me to save me from her demons and it hurt but I've mostly healed now. This is not a post to bash BPDs. This is a post about the lessons I've learned from being with BPD women:         1- Nothing is permanent. It sucks when she suddenly dumps me but I realised well what if she suddenly died of a heart attack or something? It would be the same loss and I would be just as powerless about it like if she dumped me on purpose. Which brings me to the next lesson..         2- My feelings are my responsibility. It's not my fault that I get dumped for no reason but it's my responsibility to manage my feelings about it. It's also my responsibility to set clear boundaries and stick to them to protect my own feelings. She dumped me once and recycled me, and back then I told her that if she dumped me like that again, I won't tolerate it anymore. And sure enough she did, and when she did I went out with someone else. She wanted to meet up with me for another recycle and I said cool. She stayed the night and found out that I went out with someone else after she dumped me and flew into a rage and dumped me again this time for good. Funny thing is that she admitted to sleeping in the same room with her ex during the time that we weren't together anymore. Funny how she worded that and funny how it's ok for her to do it but not me.          3- It's not my responsibility to fix or help her. This I have to admit is the toughest one for me. She's someone I admire. She makes six figures a year in a challenging career and still has the drive to run a business on the side. We met when I was going through a divorce and she helped me heal in a big way. She basically helped my fuck it out of my system. The sex was amazing. She's very feminine when she's in the idealisation phase, and she wants to have a family of her own which for me is something I value in life also. But she can't have all then when she can't control her impulses and emotions. I feel sorry for her. I still care about her. But I had to walk away.          After she went mental on me upon finding out that - like her - I was also seeing other people, I didn't contact her for almost a month. I'm quite a patient guy but I also respect myself and I was super pissed off at being dumped over text. I spend the whole month in meditation until I could accept her absence in my life and could truly forgive.         I wrote her an email telling her that I'm not mad at her because I understand her illness and I don't want bad blood between us. I told her that she's a beautiful and intelligent woman, and that I admired her fighting spirit to be able to function despite her illness. I also told her honestly that it was hard being in a relationship with her but I can't be angry with her knowing how hard she has it too. I wished her all the success and happiness in the world and bid her farewell for the final time.         She didn't write me back but she just PMed me via Whatsapp saying it's all good between us, to which I just said ok cool. I don't think I'll ever hear from her again, or if I actually want to."
"Past Physcial And Sexual Abuse Need Help Please Hey i was sexually abused and physically abused by my mother at the age of 9, it has caused me severe trauma including flashbacks, paranoia, sexually frustration, depression, suicidal ideation, and more. Im 19 now and wondering if i can still bring this to the lawyers because i feel wronged and want justice to make me feel better, will this case hold up? the sexual abuse was not visible and was investigated by child services back when i came out to my teacher about, but i still feel wronged please any resources or help would be greatly beneficial. I"
"Problems with bullies at school, what would you do? School year started after Labor Day, he’s in first grade and this is a new school. Last week Monday, my son told me that there was a kid slapping his face in class and it was happening everyday. He tried talking to his teacher and she didn’t do anything and he never saw the other boy go to the office or sit in time out.  I went into the school and the behavior person hadn’t heard anything but said she’d talk with my son and let him know he could go to her. She also was familiar with the other boy and told me she was always on the phone with his mom last year and he had a hard time keeping his hands to himself. She also had seen him just the other day bug another girl while they were standing in line.  I emailed sons teacher and asked for a meeting. I wanted to know why I didn’t know about it, why the office didn’t know about it, and how she was going to keep him safe in class. Instead she went on a rant about how she felt my son was behind the other students and he wasn’t understanding her (immersion program students can join in kindergarten or first grade). She also told me how he had got paint on his shirt and said “so if he come home telling you some other kid painted on his shirt, nah uh, they didn’t. Don’t believe him.”  Then they assured me they don’t allow that kind of behavior, and they are a good school, and my son will be safe there. They agreed to keep a closer eye on him and move him further away from the boy in class.  Today he came home and told me that a boy pinned him down, choked him, punched him in the face, and scratched his eye at recess. He has scratch marks around his eye and a mark on his cheek bone. He told his teacher when they got back from recess, including who it was, and my son said his teacher said nothing and just walked out of the room. I have not received anything from the school about this.  He likes school, but said “I have to be worried about being choked to death at school now!”  Other parents have shared some horror stories with me now about this school. One pulled all three kids out because her daughter was left outside 2! And one time wandered into a neighboring yard and was shot at. The school never informed her!  What would you do? What would be your next steps?"
"PLEASE consider not using Birth Control! New-ish to reddit. Saw this sub in my ""communities for you"" box (thanks lol). It's probably because I've been discussing birth control options maybe.   Ladies, it is VERY VERY **VERY** common for birth control to cause depression and suicidal thoughts. I thought I was *just* depressed for years with no underlying cause. WRONG.   It's birth control pills, it's your patch, it's your IUD, it's everything.   1 out of 10 women experience this on birth control, with my friends it was about 6/10 so do that what you will...  If you like your birth control stay on it! But I'm telling you it's a very high possibility. I wasted my early twenties depressed, don't do the same.   Yes guys hate condoms, my boyfriend hates them so we avoid penetrative sex. It sucks but I'd rather not be depressed. Options are available!"
"It hurts sometimes working in a social place I work in the kitchen at a casual restaurant, a place where lots of the employees tend to become close knit, even with the owners. Lots of people have worked there for years and some have become roommates, some are couples. I even met my boyfriend working there. And I’ve managed to become pals with a few of the other cooks.   But so many of my social encounters there wear me down. And I can’t help but compare myself when I see my coworkers socialize so easily.   One waitress there is always joking around kind of aggressively. I like her but I hate it when she includes me in her snarky jokes while we’re working. For example I dropped a container in the prep room while she and another woman were talking, and she goes “Do you have something to say?” I rarely have comebacks for these, and I hate the feeling it gives me even if I do appreciate her humor. So usually I’m just silent and it seems like more and more when she makes a joke at me, she’ll just go “I was kidding!!” Very aggressively too. Like that makes it even worse, that she thinks I didn’t get it. I already feel frozen with anxiety and her reaction adds another layer of shame and pain. I wish she would stop talking to me but that would hurt too.   A lot of the waiters, I just have avoided eye contact and communication so long that they do the same to me now. It hurts to walk by so many people every day and they never look at you or say hi. I know they do it as a natural response because of my behavior but it hurts anyway. It also gets in the way of the job because we need to communicate about orders and stuff. I feel like some of them get upset at me for not expressing important info; I’d be frustrated too in their place so I guess all I can do it try to improve in that area which is doable.   People need to be around others that recognize who they are, to be able to trust each other and feel at ease and at home. It’s essential to well being, it’s how we evolved.   I know it’s not helpful to ruminate on this too much but writing this out helped me release some pent up emotion and wracking sobs, and at least on this sub I’m able to connect with others"
"On a tax return, does a married couple tax filing status have to match what was put in the ObamaCare application? A married couple marked on their ObamaCare application with a tax status of ""married but filing separately."" When they file their taxes, does the tax status have to match what they put on their ObamaCare application?"
"My 3 year old was diagnosed today, and the Developmental Pediatrician actually recommended *not* doing ABA I know you guys get tired of parent posts, but I just wanted to share this news. I have read a ton of perspectives here from autistic adults on the potential harm of ABA for autistic children. However, it is recommended by the APA as the preferred ""treatment"" for autism.   So, after we did the testing today and she told me that my daughter is autistic, we talked about therapies and things to help her moving forward. She was a big fan of OT and Speech, but surprisingly said she absolutely does not recommend ABA unless a child has ciolent or self harming behaviors, and -even then- *only when every other method fails*. I told her that I have read a lot about how ABA is controversial in the adult autism online community, and she agreed and said it often does more harm than good.   What she prefers, and what she recommended to me, was that families need to find ways to work with their children in their homes - to accomodate their kids unique needs and encourage their special interests. She said that, especially for autistic girls, their is so much societal pressure to conform and mimic that they compensate pretty well anyway (making autism more difficult to diagnose in girls) and did not believe that adding extra behavior modification on top of that was at all helpful.  Anyway. Just wanted to share this with you guys because I think it's evidence that some doctors *are* listening to the collective voices of autistic adults, and changing their recommendations to parents accordingly. That seems like good news for the community."
"My volleyball was stolen off the street. My friends and I were playing volleyball at our school and my ball ended up going into the street. A car then proceeds to drive up, let someone out the car to go steal the ball and then speeds off. We didn’t know what they were doing since their car was blocking the view so we didn’t take the opportunity to get a video/picture of them. The ball was $60 if that matters. Are there any ways we could somehow find them and get the ball back?"
"My call out for help Hello users of Reddit. My name is Elle(L) and I’m new to this site. I’ve never used it before but I always saw and appreciated this community. I’m making this post as a call out for help. Also, excuse my poor grammar and possible spelling errors. It’s 4am and I’m typing this in a rush  I want to kill myself. I just want to end my life and stop living on this planet. I don’t know what to do anymore. I can’t take the constant numbness and pain that controls my every being.  I’m 16 years old, yes younger than the age requirement but I’m desperate. I’ve been clinically diagnosed with, Anxiety-Social Anxiety-Separation Anxiety-Depression-Panic Disorder. I don’t go to therapy and I’m not medicated. I will be starting therapy soon and I will possibly start medication.  For as long as I remember I’ve lived my life in a constant state of fear or sadness. I used to not understand why, I have loving parents and siblings, food on my table and a roof over my head. I had friends that loved me and I always got all A’s without studying. But I always had anxiety and I was always scared and panicked. I would get panic/anxiety attacks almost everyday and I was miserable. When I started highschool I couldn’t handle it and became homeschooled. Sophomore year of homeschool(current year)  my anxiety and depression was horrible. I just couldn’t do it. I was so ducking tired of trying to live a life I couldn’t stand. My parents are understanding and I talked my mom into letting me drop out. I want to travel the world, even if I live my life paycheck to paycheck so my mom didn’t mind. I promised I’d get my GED when I turned 18 or when I got done traveling. Oh god do I regret it. I never hang out with anymore and I don’t have any friends anymore because I pushed them all away as I was scared. Now I’m so alone and I see my friends out having fun and I wish I was there but it’s my fault I’m not. I started working as a janitor as our local movie theatre since my mom is the manager and they neeeded one. But I hate it. I feel so much pressure on my shoulders and they all expect so much from me since my mom talked about me so often. One of my coworkers always seems to twists my words and the other day he twisted my words and told other coworkers that I wanted to take my shirt off for him when I didn’t say that. My mom thought it was funny and didn’t even offer to help.  I’ve wanted to kill myself for a long time now. However now that I have my job and reality is creeping closer and smacking me around I really want to do it. If I’m being honest I’m so ducking scared. I don’t know what comes after death and I still have a small flame of hope that wants to live. I just don’t know how. How can I keep going on? How can I keep living when I feel so miserable and alone.  When everyday I don’t see a point in moving or breathing. What do I do? It will take me some time to actually go to therapy and even then what if I doesn’t work? Reddit, I’m so scared and tired of this life. What do I do? I just think I’m going to climb that hurdle and kill myself"
"First job tomorrow! Scared. Never had a job before and im scared, but reading this sub makes me feel better. Not looking forward interacting with strangers... but oh well :/"
"Need help installing Magpul PRS Finally saved up for my first rifle that I got in last week. (CMMG Mk3 in 308). I happened across a Magpul PRS stock (not sure which Gen) at my lgs today so I picked it up. The buffer tube that came on the rifle has the slide with notches for the collapsible stock and will not fit the prs.  So far, my newbie research has told me I need an A2 buffer tube. The only one I've found in stock says that this tube is not meant for use in 308 rifles, though. What type of tube should I be looking for?  Also, the prs I bought says it can be used for ar10 or ar15, but the stock says ar15/m16 on it. Do I need a specific one for an ar10?  Thanks"
"My journey with depression I wanted to take some time to share my experience with depression and how I got it under control.  And perhaps give a little bit of hope for people that are having significant struggles.  &amp;#x200B;  I've been depressed since high school.  I started seeing doctors in college and have been on meds since.  I've tried just about anti-depressant with varying success.  None of them were game changers.  I have even tried Ketamine with no luck.  About the only things I haven't tried is ECT and Lithium    &amp;#x200B;  My depression manifests itself in self loathing and self destructive behavior.  I hated myself and nothing I did was ever good enough.    &amp;#x200B;  I am an alcoholic, having started drinking at 12 years old.  I would get blackout drunk every weekend in college and for a few years after that.  Most recently, I have been going to the bar 3 - 4 times per week usually drinking 5-6 beers.  In February I tried to get another Ketamine treatment but my blood pressure was too high.    &amp;#x200B;  This is where things started changing for the better....  I started walking.  At first about 7000 steps a day and I now up to about 15000 which is over 7 miles per day.  And I walk fast, 4 MPH.  I walk rain or shine.  I just finished a 2.5 mile walk in 93 degree weather.  I am down 20 pounds so far with 5 more to go.  I had significant body image issues to the point where I couldn't look in the mirror, and I when I did I would say things like ""you fat disgusting fuck"".  I know longer have these thoughts.  I took action on something I knew I could change.  I don't want to make this sound easy.  It took me 3 years to work up the self kindness to do something good for myself.  &amp;#x200B;  Over the past few months I have been feeling better, but something was still missing.  I was still drinking.  A lot.  I had been traveling and basically drank 4-5 beers every night.  I have been in the ER 3 times for alcohol induced insomnia.  I have gone 4 entire nights without sleeping a minute.    &amp;#x200B;  It took all of that for me to realize that I can't lead a healthy productive life with alcohol.  I made the decision to stop.  While the walking has been great, the decision to not drink is a total game changer.  It's only been 2 weeks, but I am euphoric about the life ahead.    &amp;#x200B;  Anyway... that's what I wanted to share."
"I thought I was getting better but now I'm not sure After years of depression and almost flunking high school, I'm currently in a community college. After door slamming someone who was gaslighting me and taking time to relax, I even ended up getting a 4.0 during the spring quarter. My parents and grandparents were all ""See, you're all better now, you were just going through puberty"". But suddenly now, I feel anxious again, I might be doing well in school now, but I feel like I have nobody, and nobody cares. Why should they, they have their own lives to worry about.   I was in awe, to be feeling the way I felt, feeling okay. Being able to sleep without crying myself to bed. But it's suddenly all coming back. Why. What do I do. What can I do. I feel like nobody believes that I'm struggling since I'm doing well in school, but I really want to juet curl up into a ball and never leave my room.  I just wanted this off my chest since I have nobody to talk to, thanks for reading c,:"
"Question about PMI drop-off I am a little confused on how/when PMI will drop off on my mortgage and hoping someone can give me a quick and simple explanation.  This April will mark 2 years since I bought my house. The purchase price of the house was $180k, and my mortgage loan was $158k. I've been paying extra towards the principal each month and my principal balance is now at just shy of $149k. PMI payments are a little less than $40 each month.  I've read that PMI will automatically drop off at 78% of the original home purchase price - does this mean my PMI will drop off once my principal balance gets to $140,400 (78% of $180k), or is the 78% based off of the original loan amount?"
"I am attracted to children. Should I just end my life? I am an underage female, who was abused by my grandmother sexually when I was around 3 or so- and the abuse continued till I was 11.  My grandmother died when I was 11, hence it stopped. I thought it won't be a problem, my worst nightmare was over. But only after a few years when I am in my teens, I realize that I am attracted to young children, and I mean around 5 years old or so.  I really don't know what to do apart from ending my life. Child abuse is the worst thing that is possible to children. Please help me.  P.S. I found this out because I felt aroused after seeing my neighbour. It was the worst moment of my life, and though I did nothing wrong so far, I don't trust my brain and body.  EDIT: I mentioned that I was male to avoid perverts possibly, but this seems like a friendly place and maybe my real gender is relevant so I changed it to female now.  Also, I have decided with all the comments that I will try to get the best therapy I can, and make the best out of this experience and get my head fixed"
"Charles Schwab as your main checking account? I've read quite a few good things about Charles Schwab for banking. I'm considering switching from Discover bank.  &amp;#x200B;  Do you use Charles Schwab as your main checking account? If so, what do you like and dislike about it? What do you normally use it for?"
tired im not happy. im always tired no matter how much sleep i get and im always sad. anything and everything makes me angry and annoyed. im not hungry anymore and nothing interests me at all. my self confidence is at 0% and i feel like every time i say something it's ignored and no one cares. i feel like i'm annoying everyone around me and i feel like i'm despised and disgusted by everyone. it's a struggle to get out of bed every morning and i just want to sleep 24/7 and drop of out all these hard classes. i havent done any of my homework or studied for any tests or quizzes in like a month when a few months ago i would obsessively study every single aspect of the test. nothing is entertaining anymore and i want to just be free of everything. it's been like this since late January and idk how to get over it.
"Real world battery life of a PA Advanced Micro Dot? Trying to put my AR on a weight loss plan, looking to replace the unnecessarily big and heavy Strikefire 2 I have on there now. While I'm looking I figure I'll get something with good enough battery life I can leave it on all the time in the safe.  Primary arms advertises a ""50,000 hour"" battery life on their advanced micro dot. But, I'm sure a claim like that is on the lowest NV setting, which is almost worthless to me.  The new Vortex Crossfire red dot is advertising 7000 hours on medium settings, almost an entire year, at a usable brightness. I figure for 50 cents each I'll just swap the battery every 6 months.  But this got me thinking, 7000 is a lot less than 50,000, but it isn't really a fair comparison. If a PA micro dot was left on at a usable brightness, say 6 out of 12, how many hours would it stay on? Does anyone have any data on this?  I'd prefer to go with the Vortex since it's lighter, cheaper, and has an (IMO) better warranty, but I don't want to be giving up tons of battery life for all that."
"Fake News Alert: Influential German news weekly Der Spiegel, shaken by a scandal over a reporter who admitted faking stories for years, said it has suspended two senior editors. &gt;The contracts of Ullrich Fichtner, an editor in chief, and Matthias Geyer, a chief editor, have been ""suspended until the (magazine's) internal commission has completed its investigation into the affair,"" the editor in chief Steffen Klusmann said in an internal letter, of which AFP obtained a copy on Friday.  &gt;On December 19, Der Spiegel stunned the media world by revealing that one of its award-winning reporters had for years falsified stories.  &gt;Claas Relotius, 33, resigned this month after admitting he had made up stories and invented protagonists in more than a dozen articles in the magazine's print and online editions.  &gt;Der Spiegel said on December 23 a criminal complaint would be filed against Relotius after it emerged he may also have embezzled donations intended for Syrian street children.  https://www.thelocal.de/20181229/german-spiegel-suspends-two-editors-after-fake-news-scandal/amp  I'd be willing to bet they were making stories up about ""muh evil right wingers""."
"25(M) Looking for clarity and just other views with friend situation 23(F)    Basically, I am looking for some advice on how to approach things and just kinda get other peoples input.  I recently started talking to a female and we clicked extremely well. Like I wasn't expecting to click with someone as much as I did. After a little talking I had just thrown out the idea to kinda get a feel for where she was thinking things were going about us. At that point I found out she was in a LDR, and at the time she said she was happy with him so I kinda shrugged at it and was cool with being friends. Some people you just want to keep around because you can relate to them. Plus she is looking at going into a field soon after finishing up school and it is populated with single girls. So, she might run into someone that would interest me and help me there. No worries. I joked around about her helping me find someone and she actually going to help me out a little.  Well.....the more we talked, the more I saw us really able to get close to each other. We weren't even trying for anything. Just was able to talk to each other openly without judgement. We started getting closer and the closer we got the more I found out that she was not in a good relationship. It seemed manipulating, like she apparently has pushed away friends and not included family in what's going on just so they wouldn't think of him as a bad person. She's trying to give him a chance to change and he isn't. The bad was going on before I even talked to her so it didn't just come up out of no where or because I came around. She's tried leaving before and didn't succeed. She's expressed that she feels like she is just stuck and they've literally seen each other in person for 3 days over the past 6 months. She even offered to buy a plane ticket to see him but for a reason on his end due to another person that is not family she can't.  We currently are not talking at all and it is mutual with nothing negative toward each other. We had talked about it in person and she explained her reasoning behind everything and the purpose behind the no communication. We have had wonderful communication and openness. She wants to give him one more chance to know it won't work without me around. I see where she is coming from, just wanting to know that it just isn't going to work with that person without variables. Also she opened up about being appreciative for what I've done and said there is something there for me if things don't work out between them. But I'm just kinda lost for my side of everything. Like more specifically what can I do if anything? I was planning on talking to her in a week or two just to ask that question, but I may not. I wanted some input from here.  The hardest part with everything is the fact that we could talk and I had someone I would consider another person like me and now I can't talk to them anymore. I respect her decisions of course just looking for what I need to do. I mean don't get me wrong, she is someone I could see myself with but ultimately I would rather just be a friend and support for her to get out if she wants out of her current situation. I am getting better though about not thinking about everything but it kinda sucks still. I am hanging out with friends and trying to meditate and keep myself occupied throughout the day and it is helping with accepting the current situation I just really don't want to feel like I have given up on the situation.  &amp;#x200B;  \*\*TL;DR;\*\* : Became friends with girl that I later found out was in a LDR that isn't a healthy one. She wants to give a chance to him without me being around and it has been a mutual agreement on us not talking so it isn't one sided."
"we don't talk anymore? Given that every relationship of any kind, takes effort from each side.    We I stop making the effort to communicate, I received non. Its a feeling that I am always the one to initiate it.   We don't talk anymore because I got tired of making the effort.  I wonder why this is?  Have you ever had this feeling? Are there people you don't communicate with unless they initiate it?  Perhaps a consequence of modern, constantly, connected life."
"Why do so many people get mad when you call marijuana an addiction? White not being as bad for you as things like cocaine, it's the level of addiction and lifestyle lived that's comparable. And I've seen it. My city especially is one of the most pothead ridden cities in eastern Canada and you see what addiction, to something viewed as so basic, can do to people. And it's already been proven what long-term use from a young age does to the brain (rather than purely in adults), which is the most common form of use. Most people who smoke weed have been doing it since a young age, and I've seen the lifestyle it's created for these people.  While the substance by itself isn't necessarily harmful, it can be just as addictive, if not more in some cases. There's nothing in it alone that should be chemically addictive, but you see it time and time again in people who try to wean down or quit. They're angry, short-tempered, and can hardly focus without getting their ""fix"". They become on-edge if they haven't smoked, many of them not even being able to become ""high"" anymore. It's just become a complete state of existing for these people and they're no longer sure how to live when they're not on it. I've seen people so desperate to get pot when they ran out that they've resorted to robbing people or other gross lewd acts.  People make up excuses all the time, laughably going as far to call it their ""medicine"", despite being perfectly healthy individuals. They rave about the ""health benefits"" an about how it ""cures cancer"" when there's nothing wrong with these people medically to begin with. Going as far as making up ""pain"" to justify their use, when this ""pain"" is nothing more than withdrawal symptoms. But if you dare use that term, then they lose their shit at you. If it's not an addiction and they can ""quit any time they want"", why do they get so mad when you question them about it? Why can most of them hardly go a day without it? I've only ever known a small handful of people who were able to make it out and successfully ""quit"". After a few months of emotionally destructive withdrawals that is.   Well over half of my relationships have been with potheads (due to lack of selection here), and dating these people while not doing it yourself isn't exactly fun. Some days all they want to do is sit inside smoking pot, other days when you're actually gonna do something, like a date, they literally can't leave the apartment without having done it. When they were off the influence (rarely), they were bitter, miserable, and were always lashing out at me for the smallest things. Then once they ""got their fix"" would apologize.  Considering they share literally all the behaviors of addicts, especially denial, why isn't this a conversation we're having? Soon this will be legal Canada-wide and I'm concerned that this is something that will be even more normalized.  [Also I'm prepared to have many of the people I'm talking to lash out in the comments here to prove my point.]"
"Prolixin made symptoms worse. Last year they put me on prolixin and I was on it for 16 days in the psych unit and I didn’t get better, it actually made me hallucinate more and have stronger delusions. They let me go on a prolixin shot and I was psychotic or partially psychotic the whole time. Has anyone else had problems with foreigner psychiatrists before? It seems like you can’t click with them. It’s just, they know what’s best; then goodbye. Isn’t that some form of abuse?"
Should I warn people? It just seems like I’m such a hassle to deal with that it would be the right thing to warn people ahead of time. On the other hand there is so much stigma that I wonder if I’d be shooting myself in the foot so to speak.  Do you tell people you might have to be around often about your diagnosis? Should we or no? I don’t know.
"Wal-Mart guns Looking for a lever action hunting rifle as my bush gun. Wal-Mart has a Remington either 30-30 or .35 I couldn't see the tag from behind the counter and nobody was available to help when I walked by. Here's my question, has anyone bought from Wal-Mart and has it been a decent gun? I love to support my local shops but none around have anything in my price range at the moment.  Edit: I guess I should add that I am more worried about the way their inventory is handled and what can go wrong there."
"Medicaid gap advice? Worried.... Hello,  I'm 35 in the state of GA and lost my job on 12/31.  I do not anticipate to make more than 13k in the coming year however, I have made more than double that in the past...  (I have a lot of chronic pain issues but I digress).  I have read on reddit that I can over estimate my income to 13k to get a cheap silver insurance plan for $22 per month, confirmed by a broker.  And that I guess around tax time I suddenly say, hey guess what guys, my income is nonexistent and the most the IRS will charge me is $300?   Has this been confirmed by anyone?  I am terrified of having to back pay money for a silver plan, which I will barely use.  My other option would be to pay $300+ for a horrible catastrophe plan or to get to local health centers and hope I don't have any actual catastrophes.    Please advise.  Thank you"
"I am currently on the waitlist for the trauma program in my current city. I have dealt with physical, emotional, and sexual abuse. I deal with flashbacks almost every day and I have no choice but to be reminded of my trauma. Last august I was raped and was thinking about reporting it, but I have no proof besides my word I have been diagnosed with PTSD and BPD. My only hope is that the trauma program will help me, and if not then there is only one way for me to go. I cannot get a job, I cannot cope, I have had old friends completely disregard what my abuser/rapist did and still continued to be friends with her. It makes me sick and I keep realizing that I may be like this forever. That it will not get better. I may end my life next year"
"Waiting and Feeling Sad There's no real point to this; I'm just venting.  About a week ago, I retained an attorney.  In a couple days, the paperwork will be ready for the process server.  I've been married to my wife for seven years now.  This was my first relationship **ever.**  I had never dated or had any type of romantic involvement with anyone before.  I had no idea what I was getting into.  I knew something was wrong even before I got married, but she told me that this was true love so I just went along with it, thinking this was The Right Thing To Do.  She is 18 years older than me and this is her second marriage.  I've been miserable ever since.  If we were not married, I would certainly not want to hang out with her.  We bring out the worst in each other.  I know that I am going to be much happier when I am out of this relationship, but waiting for the papers to serve is painful.  I feel so guilty because the marriage has not been 100% bad.  We have had some great times together.  But those good times can't make up for the almost nonstop bad times.  I alternate between feeling sorry for her and then reminding myself of the hell she has put me through.  But I still feel guilty about causing her pain, even though I've been living with constant dread and fear for the last seven years."
"The Walk out is not just about gun control now but associating fun and good feelings with gun control with kids who will be voting in the near future.   Letting kids get out of school and for many of them getting a free ride to DC, is like giving a dog a treat for pooping outside."
"Baby weight GO AWAY! Basically, I had a baby 5 months ago and I gained quite a bit of weight during my pregnancy.  Towards the end of my pregnancy I was on medical rest and could not move for around a month.  I went from a size 6 to basically a size 16. I had my baby in September and began attending the gym daily at the end of December.  When I go to the gym I walk on the treadmil for around an hour, then I do either cycle or elyptical for 30 mins. I'll admit my strenght and tolerance was not there and my ability to do much more than that was tough at first.  Three weeks ago I started walking to work and constanly drinking tea to introduce more water into my life. I walk for around an hour each day, then attend the gym the same way that I did.  I have also started doing mama-baby cardio workouts with my daughter strapped to the front of me. It's very hard and I can feel the results.   I really did not want to change my diet but instead of breakfast I replaced it with a protein shake, I have a light lunch including a salad. I drink a lot of energy drinks/coffee, but I started drinking a lot more water. I'll admit I still eat dinners from fast foot places.  I don't order large size meals or anything, I don't eat half of a delivery pizza - but I thought that with my meal replacement breakfast and basically no lunch I'd see more results.  &amp;#x200B;  I haven't lost any weight. Actually, I gained weight. I don't know what to do.  I really need some direction. I really need to lose around 40-50 pounds. I'm trying so hard and I'm so discouraged.  I know I should change the fast food, but it's somewhat hard when I work, go to the gym, spend time with my child and my husband doesn't cook/eat my cooking if I do it. I'm an awful cook.  I've tried prepared meals and what not, it's not like I'm eating a big mac everyday.  &amp;#x200B;  Please help me come up with the proper gym plan to meet my goals."
"how to get anxiety meds from my primary care doc until i get a new therapist? my anxiety struggle has been almost life-long, and it gets worse with age. i’ve asked my doctor multiple times for anxiety-only meds because the antidepressants she keeps prescribing me don’t really touch on my anxiety much. definitely not enough to make it bearable.   &gt; no matter how many times i’ve told her my anxiety far outweighs my depression and that i’d like something for just anxiety, she just keeps giving me antidepressants and they make me feel shitty and fake after a while.  &gt; is there a way to demand i only get anxiety meds? that’s all i want. i have multiple panic attacks throughout the day, my mind is constantly racing with unwanted thoughts about the worst possible outcomes of every situation, and i always feel like i’m going to die no matter what i’m doing.  &gt; my dad has bad anxiety and takes hydroxyzine and used to take xanax but there’s a history of addiction and drug abuse in my family (especially my dad) and my doc knows that. would that eliminate any options of me getting anxiety medication? i hope it wouldn’t seeing as how they still give it to my dad and i only have the intention of using it as prescribed.  &gt; then again, i was very closed minded back when i took antidepressants and i’m more open to them now, maybe that has something to do with it? i’m not sure. anyway, i just need advice. any/all advice helps! thanks!"
"Help! I'm at the airport about to go home after 3 weeks of holidays with family. I can see luggage scales. I'm fighting the urge to run and weigh myself because family thinks I've recovered from ED. Spoiler alert: I have not. I'm sitting next to my family who think I've fully recovered from my ED. I've put on tons of weight (25kg to be precise) in the past couple of years (I'm now 35kg above my lw but I know it was unhealthy then, and it is now too), and my relationship with food is definitely not healthy. Not is my relationship with scales.  I'm compulsively looking at the scales and currently fighting the urge to go and check out how much weight I've put on during those 3 weeks! Like I'm trying to trigger myself ugh"
"Forced myself to go out Came bout an hour away to hollywood area, for a pop up shop. My brain was fighting me the entire way but I made 2 show friends to go to future concerts with. Currently sitting in a whisky bar alone. Not really socializing but I dont feel like I need to im content rightnow it feels so good. Specially after fighting flashes of crashing my car and killing myself the whole fucking way here."
"Moving away and sadness I'm 30 years  old. In the past 8 years I have moved a lot for my studies and work  \(about 10 different cities\). I came back to my hometown about a 8 months  ago after the end of a job contract. I wanted to settle me there, meet a  nice girl and live. It's the perfect place for me : a mix between urban  activities, nature, my parents, my brother and all of my best friends  are still living there. I have tried for  many months to get a job there but didn't succeeded. I may have an  opportunity in a large city, 3 hours drive from there. I'm sad, I don't  want to go there, I don't know what to do. I have the feeling that in  the past 5 years I have been so unlucky with work and job hunting. I  never managed to be in a place I feel good living in. I don't know what to do. Either go to this other big city or stay in my town and work in whatever I find"
"I don't know what to do I feel fine in college because the conversations are mostly about classes and the subjects but parties or just hanging out with friends is really difficult. I overthink stuff and just end up not engaging in conversations. People ask me ""why are you being so quiet ?"".   It's been a year and 2 months of college and I don't really have somebody I'm truly friends with. I do have a friend group (5 of us) but I feel so lonely most of the time. I am so worried about saying something stupid or inappropriate that I dont speak at all. Some of them only talk to me or message me if they want to study for a test together. Being a medical student, I have to work on this. People skills are really important for a doctor and I just don't know what to do about the anxiety. Also, seeking help for mental health is not so common where l live."
"DAE every start to worry about something... … so much that it just consumes everything that you do and no matter what, you can't stop thinking about it? does it turn into an obsession, and you can't focus or do anything without that something screaming in your head? does it make you feel like you're going insane?   if you answered yes to any of these questions, what do you do to overcome the obsession? I could really use some tips.."
"Drunk Indian In a small western town, a white man stood on the corner and waited all day picking up chicks. This was noticed by a certain Indian who spent all his time at the bar across the street. The Indian, wanting in on the action, asks the man his secret, to which he replied, ""I wait for a hot girl to walk by, and then I say 'tickle your cunt with a feather?', and the ones that say yes right away I take home, and the ones that get offended I just repeat,  'typical country weather'.""  Now the Indian says he wants in, so the man says he can have the next day. The Indian gets out there and says to the first girl he sees, ""tickle your cunt with a feather?"" She is irate and bitch-slaps him across the face, and being the sharp witted man he was, he responds, ""looks like it's gonna rain..."""
"(x-post r/teachers) Teaching an Arabic Class, Looking for Resources Hi all. I’m a high school Math and Arabic teacher at an inner-city school in NYC. This is my second year teaching Arabic. So far, the focus of my class has been to teach students to read, write, and understand Arabic using the Mastering Arabic textbook. In my first year teaching this class, we completed about a third of the textbook. Students either treated it like a graduation requirement, and memorized enough to pass tests, or retained enough language to still be able to hold a basic conversation. For it having been my first try teaching a language, I’m actually excited with the results.  I tried to incorporate “culture days” on Mondays, where we did a deep dive into the culture of one of the world’a Arabic speaking states, but it wasn’t sustainable. Researching and creating a book report every week on top of my other responsibilities was too overwhelming.   Can anyone recommend resources, activities, projects, films, curriculums, or anything that would help me diversify my lessons for my students? While learning a new language is great, I’d love if they could take away a greater understanding of the cultures that speak this language."
anyone wanna like run away with me? i live in the US and yea just like pm me or some idk man
"The stupidest thing I have done in attempt to not interact with someone I have just done the stupidest thing I have ever done to get out of a social situation.  I have acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, a form of blood cancer. One of the side effects is nose bleeds, and I am not in school full time.   My home tutor (paid for my the school/hospital. She is an amazing lady) had to change time to tutor someone having their GCSE test today, before they have their test.  I realised that the time she booked had clashed with one of my favourite subjects, Drama, which I am taking for GCSE next year.  She cannot change the time so suddenly, and, instead of asking my Drama teacher if I can leave 15 minutes earlier I gave myself a nose bleed, in hopes of getting a blood test when his lesson is or using it as an excuse to get out of lesson.  I do not want to talk to a teacher about that. He already sees me as an emotional wreck when I cried in class about my friend who had a relapse.  I’m not talking to him about that.  After I told my mothers out there nose bleed and gave the tissue, she said ‘if you have another one I will call (community nurse).’   15 minutes go by. I give myself another nose bleed.  She calls the nurse.   The nurse says wait till Thursday, when you have your next chemo.  I feel dizzy and it didn’t even work."
"Anxiety showing only through physical symptoms — help?? Hi all. Let me start this by saying that I’ve never been diagnosed with anxiety, but, my doctor says I’m at the very fine line between stress and anxiety. I don’t feel overly stressed (besides the normal stress of tests, etc), I’ve never had a panic/anxiety attack, and my symptoms only show through tensions headaches. Sometimes, it’ll last for a few hours, while others can last days (last year, I had a migraine for almost a month). The pain radiates to my neck and upper back, and never goes away, though the pain sometimes lessens.   Has anyone else experienced this? I go to physical therapy to release the tension, but I can’t seem to find any articles about anyone who has what I am experiencing. Does anyone have any success stories? It’s not debilitating, but I would like to know if it will go away.."
I’m suppose to going to a new college on Monday and my anxiety is getting the best of me. I don’t know how to cope when my intrusive thoughts are getting the best of me. I’ve had social anxiety for all my life and big self esteem issues for majority of my life. I keep on self doubting myself telling myself I’m not good enough. I’ve been going to community college for a few years now and have not been looking forward to this day for a second now.   I keep on telling myself I can go back to the community college and do something else there instead. Every time I think of it I feel like I’m in over my had especially with my anxiety and I don’t know what I should do.
"How to do it Can someone tell me what's the quickest way to commit suicide, just tell me."
"Looking For help/Resources on dealing with anxiety Was speaking to a friend of mine who's been successfully using Reddit to help deal with her anxiety and depression so I thought I would give it a shot. If I'm posting in the wrong subreddit please let me know. I'm new to this so I might be doing it wrong.  I'm a 30 year old who always thought I grew up in a family that was really loving and healthy family. A couple years back though my sister had started going to therapy while in college after dealing with serious depression. She would tell me all these things about how we actually grew up with a mom that has narcissistic personality disorder who had messed up intentionally in ways throughout our entire lives. And while our father had not intentionally done things wrong, he was actually super negligent. Honestly, when she first started coming to me with these revelations I thought she was crazy, and didn't listen to what she was saying at all. She was trying to tell me that the woman who I thought was an angel (my mother) was an emotionally abusive and mean spirited person who had done enormous damage to me and my siblings our entire lives. But then something weird started to happen over the years. The things my sister was telling me started to make more sense.    Fast forward to the summer of 2017. I got divorced after being married for only a few months. We had been together beforehand for years, but the marriage fell apart more quickly than I imagined was possible. From the time we started dating my ex wife was always super overbearing and untrusting of me. She would violate my privacy, ask me why I was friends with certain people on social media, and routinely accuse me of cheating. While none of it was true, there was nothing I could do to convince her otherwise. For reasons that didn't start to make since till I got divorced, I used to always think that this is just what love looks like. And I told myself the whole ""happy wife, happy life"" thing so even though I never actually felt I did anything wrong I would find ways to apologize just to get rid of the constant tension I was facing in my relationship. Well, during the Spring of 2017 my ex wife sat me down to tell me that she had actually gone through my phone and computer, and said she needed to talk to me. She proceeded to tell me that she went through over four years of messages, and presented me with five pages of notes she took on things she found she was unhappy about. Over the course of a few hours she scolded me for emotionally and physically cheating on her with a variety of women who were mentioned in these messages, but despite not finding any real evidence of cheating she didn't relent. And she kept telling me how her revelations made her want to slit her wrists because of how I made her feel. The following day it started to dawn on me that I had married my mother, which was the exact woman I thought I was getting away from by marrying my wife. For an entire week we didn't speak a word to each other. Not because I didn't try but because she wouldn't speak to me. We tried couples counseling for two sessions because she asked to, but then she decided she didn't want to do that anymore. After that we went on a break for three weeks at the end of which we decided to separate. The meeting we had was weird. She didn't shed a tear, we mostly talked about logistical things like getting her on the utility bills, and the entirety of it lasted for less than 15 minutes. Even though I actually felt really relieved it was that easy, something about how easy it was for her definitely hurt.  Fast forward eight months I've lost 30 pounds, am almost at the place of a break through in my work, started dating a new girl, and have been in a really good place overall. But where I'm not in a good place is that it brought me to a place of understanding that my sister was right all those years ago. My mom really had emotionally abused us our entire lives, and the terrible patterns of what love looks like were ones I subconsciously picked up that I repeated with my ex wife. And the more I thought about it, all my relationships seemed like they were with women who took advantage of me until they didn't want to be together anymore. It's been a lot of self exploration, introspection, reading, thinking, and so on. But honestly, I feel like things aren't moving in the right direction. I recently lost my healthcare and don't have access to a therapist. And I feel like this is something I need a professional to help with.   One of the worst things has been realizing how many bad survival instincts I picked up on from being abused all those years that I've been recreating into my relationship today. Despite the fact that this girl really is different than everyone I've ever dated, it seems like I'm the one whose taken on the abusive behaviors. Everything I've read seems to show that becoming the abusive one is something that happens to people who get out of abusive relationships. What ends up happening is I get these intense feelings of anxiety that I can't hold in, and I end up saying really mean things that I don't actually mean. But after I've said them I can't take them back. It's just in those moments I don't feel like I have the tools to deal with those thoughts, and I can't figure out how else to let that negative energy out. I really want to figure out how to stop doing these unhealthy things, but I just don't know what to do.  I'm really sorry if this post came off as rambled. There was so much detail to add that I didn't know what to really put into here. Any advice or resources anyone might have to me on where to begin with things, especially on dealing with those intense feelings of anxiety would be really helpful. Thanks so much in advance for anyone who reads this or responds."
"Do you get the feeling that happiness is deceitful: it's a cheap fleeting drug the brain sparingly releases just to keep you hoping through this agonizing existence? You would think happiness being so rare would be appreciated and welcomed. But it's the opposite for me, when I catch myself feeling happy, I can't help but feel it's disingenuous, and feel almost disgusted at myself. As if I'm ashamed for feeling happy, and it quickly turns into shame and self loathing. It makes whatever fleeting happy moments I have even shorter."
"Unsubscribe Obviously if you’re on this sub you probably have anxiety but this sub has turned from nice helpful tips to handle daily anxiety to people talking about how they’re unable to leave their home or finally went to dinner for the first time. Thats not anxiety, you need to get help. How do you go to work? Probably don’t. This should not be the sub of antisocial agoraphobics. Are you guys not sick of reading this shit?"
"What should I do? When I was about 13 years old, my great uncle gifted me an old .22 rifle he had. Recently I decided to document my firearms collection and realized it didnt have a serial number on it. (Pre 10/22/68). For anyone interested it's a Western Auto Supply Co. ""Revelation"" model 120. Basically a Marlin model 60. In my documentation of my firearms I include the serial numbers in case of theft and I was wondering what should I do about this one? Should I make a number for it and etch it on or just not worry about it?"
"Frustrated and alone I work a shift where at most I'll see or interact with a handful of people on a daily basis. My way of coping with this has always been talking to friends online or distracting myself with podcasts, audio books, ext. Lately I find myself more and more frustrated because I know I need help with depression but it's really hard to get any help.  I feel like i'm a burden on my friends for all the complaining I do about being depressed and some of my friends outright think I'm just lazy or incompetent because I know what I need to do but I just don't want to do it. I have a bit of anxiety about paperwork and also about talking to strangers so I haven't seen any doctors since I turned 18. I don't want to be a burden on my friends or family and as much as people say ""oh no you won't be a burden"" I know it's a lie because I've lost relationships over this shit and you'll never forget the day someone tells you you're suffocating them with your mental illness and they don't want to talk to you anymore.  Whenever I think about this stuff I get this feeling of anxiety like my back is against the wall and my only option seems to be to just kill myself. I don't want to die, but this intense sadness and misery is just too much to carry alone. I don't think I'll ever date again, I have very few friends, and no medical professionals to seek advice from. I just want to be happy. I don't want to self medicate and put myself in a worse situation, but sometimes it's tempting to just drink until I don't fear death anymore and just go for it, although I don't drink at all right now because I know it makes me feel worse. I want to scream and cry and break things sometimes because it's so frustrating but I manage to keep myself together and nobody ever really seems to notice if I'm having a particularly bad day. I just feel so alone."
"""I'm sorry for the loss of your dog."" Then I picked up her puppy and ran away."
"Early 20s, no job, homeless and living in HCOL city I moved away from my family and stumbled onto a HCOL city that I absolutely love along with its people. So I don't want to move. Even if I moved back home, my family is not well off either so it probably won't make much of a difference.  &amp;#x200B;  Anyways, my situation is like my title says. I'm currently living in a hostel and basically putting everything on credit cards :( I was able to find an odd online job that gives me a few hundreds a month or so, but it's an odd job and I'm not sure if it's even a good idea to keep doing the job - but it gets me money that I need. I also have mental disorders and alcoholism (I relapse during depression related to financial instability). So if I can just find a good stable job and safe environment, I'd be much better.  &amp;#x200B;  So I was wondering, what kind of job can I take that can overlook my medical history? I have past experience as a line cook, but haven't had much luck so far. Also what's the best plan right now once I do find a stable job - pay off medical bills and continue to live in hostels, or find a room first then pay off medical bills?"
"Anxiety makes me think a thousand steps ahead just to get people to like me Hello reddit   I felt like this is a good place to vent with like minded people, looking at the title you maybe interested in what I have to say so I’ll just start (also sorry for poor English skills I’m shit at it).  So I think I need a little back story for my anxiety, I grew up in a household that wasn’t a great place to be, it was filled with fear, worry and doubt and that’s where I believe it had grown inside me, I always kept to myself never wanting to talk to new people scared that they would not like me, making me shy and I would hide behind my mother when meeting to people and avoiding eye contact.( which I still do to this day )  And this anxiety grew greater with the divorce of my parents which made things worse and with that made me even more not want to speak with people, and if people tried to speak with me I would feel like I’m on the spot like I’ve been selected to answer a question really quickly, as I’ve grown with age I’ve came up with ways to help combat this but it results in me not being me I almost become what they want me to be, acting different from my self being really edge for a matter of fact and being really silly.   And for me to get to thy state with someone new I have to read their personality and choose words to say to them and after saying said words I them go at a thousand mph thinking of every possible outcome that can come to mind so I’m ready for a response and I would do this over and over again and recently notice I do it to me true friends a bunch sacred that they would like me if I don’t agree with them or like the same things they do.   Idk what I have is anxiety or some other thing wrong with me I just want to vent and see if people do the same thing."
I almost had a threesome last night I only need two more girls
"Low self-confidence has ruined my life I'm 27M, and I've closed so many doors for myself because I don't have the capacity to get people to like me. I'm ugly and I have a speech impediment. I'm just an overall crappy person, and I'm confused about where to go in life before I go in the ground.  I don't want to make this thread about blaming my parents, but my upbringing is why I am the way I am. I was abused by my borderline mother and her boyfriends with similar mental instability. My father remarried a woman who treated me like a clingy girlfriend. She was very controlling and jealous of me having a relationship with my biological mother, and she'd often put me down or ground me over nothing. She assumed malice in everything I did. I'd look at something while talking to her and be grounded for ""rolling my eyes."" And I'd sometimes be sitting alone reading and she'd badger me asking, ""What's wrong?"" over and over when nothing was wrong, and then ground me if I kept insisting it was nothing. I grew up with no agency and guilt when anyone helped me. Nobody ever fucking liked me in school, job interviews, dating, or anything. I ditched the few friends I had after my social anxiety made it impossible to have a good time with them while I was constantly on edge and over-analyzing my actions.  I work dead end jobs that make me want to kill myself because I'm not capable of winning my way into a fulfilling career. Every job I've had in my life was given to me out of desperation. I have no good references or anything to get my foot in the door anywhere because nobody wants to talk to me.  I've tried looking for answers everywhere and just found heaps of BS. Sessions with therapists didn't even scratch the surface. I get told how to breathe and other useless coping methods I can find with a simple google search. They don't want to talk about how I can fix my disgusting self, which is what I was paying for.  I know I don't have anyone to blame but myself for my life situation, but what can I do? I should just end it."
So anxious to meet my boyfriends family and friends. My boyfriend and I have been dating for a month. It’s my first relationship and although it’s been amazing I am so anxious to meet his family and friends. I’ve met some of his family members individually and also one friend but every time I think of meeting them all at once I start to freak out. I’ve avoided a few situations where he has invited me places where there was a big group of his friends there. I feel so bad about this but I literally can’t help it. Meeting new people gives me so much anxiety. I want to meet his friends and family and make a good impression but it’s like my body won’t let me.   Has this ever been an issue for anyone?
"Should I be taking naps after a full 8-hour-night of sleep? I am a 21-year-old male who is affected by this issue. Usually, sometime in the late afternoon (4:30-5:30) I get extremely tired and desperately want to take a nap. The problem with this is that not only have I heard countless studies that oversleeping is bad for you, but when I do nap I have difficulty sleeping later that night.  Any advice? Should I just ignore the urge to nap and let my body adapt?"
"Is hearing gods voice schitzoprenia? I get a ssi check for schitzophrenia even though I believe I don't have mental illness.   Been to the mental hospital involuntarily like over 10 times probably.   I hear gods voice though. She sometimes tell me ""Go to sleep baby"", when I am trying to go to sleep. I can hear her voice in many ways , it's always a voice of love.   I don't think hearing her voice is schitzophrenia.   I basically now in essence get a ssi check for being lazy. Because I went through a temporary time where I was shocked and lost track of reality. Now that temporary time is over and I feel I'll never have a reason to go to the mental hospital again.   I know by definition I don't fit the description of schitzophrenia. As I can hear gods voice and be totally grounded in rational reality.   Really I only post this because I love hearing gods voice. She is a nice god."
Shoutout to Facebook memories for reminding me how tiny I was 4 years ago I might've only been 15 but I looked like that until I was 18 ):
"I have a good news which I don't have anyone to share with! I got the opportunity to participate the volunteering program in rural area of my country. I need to teach  English as well as some motivational lessons to younglings around that village area who suffer from prolong civil war. But as always, I don't have anyone to share. So I just share it here."
"Not sure what I'm doing... I (36M) got together with my wife (30) 10 years ago. We got pregnant just 2 months in, but we mad things work, and just over 2 years ago we got married. We mostly got married so she could be on my insurance. We had talked abiut it many times, and we loved each other, marriage just wasn't super important to us till I finished school and she needed inaurance. Anyway, things have not been going well for a long while, and it's cliche but I was sticking it out because of the kiddo. My wife hasn't worked since our daughter was born 9 years ago, she has almost no work experience or employable skills, no drivers license, and major issues with depression. This all makes me feel guilty about thinking about divorce to begin with, but I have been sitting on this a long time and I know I need to do what is right for me. The issue that I'm having is that I have a job that requires a lot of extra hours, I also know that without the ability to even support herself, my STBE isn't even in a position to get her own place, let alone a place where she can have our daughter with her.  I love my daughter very much and I don't want to keep my wife from her, but I also want to be able to see her... I'm not sure how to even begin to try and figure out how custody will go, or what my STBE is going to do since I haven't even been able to bring this up to her...I'm all over the place in this post even... How do you even broach this subject with someone who depends on you for EVERYTHING?"
"I Need Help I have a Marlin 1936, 32 special lever action rifle and I'm trying to put it back together does anyone know how to put it back together please and thank you."
"Testicle Soreness So, I noticed this just a few days ago. My testicles are sore, there is no lump. I don’t know what it could be, they only hurt when I push on them, most of the time, they don’t hurt when lightly touching them, but when I put pressure on them it hurts. Does anyone have any advice, I would gladly answer any questions that may help you know what’s wrong."
"Hellishly Haranguing the Happy and Helpful in my Haughty Head I know I can't be alone when I say that people who are really happy or helpful all the time make me angry. I too, can be obnoxiously happy, and definitely over-helpful. So am I mad at myself for being this way? Why? Isn't it good to be happy and helpful?  Part of my brain keeps telling me they're not being ""real."" And I do feel fake when I act really happy or helpful. But I do genuinely like something, want to help, etc.  Does anyone know what's really going on here?"
"I am being alienated right now, I am going through a custody battle. I have already decided to if i loose ill be killing myself. My sons dealing with too much harm emotionally to have more then 1 parent Life"
"On the floor freaking out 36F with 5 kids from 5 different men, each one a long term relationship I thought would last forever.  Got married, and he told me today he wants a divorce.  He listened to me break down and cry so hard I almost passed out, and he didn't react.  He didn't care.  My whole life has been a sad story.  From my dad abusing me and my mom then abandoning us, to every man I've been with hurting me bad.  Everyone who l ows me says I've had a shit life filled with enough bad luck for 10 people.  Everytime a door opens, 3 slam in my face.  I'm losing my job and can't find a new one.  I'm going to lose everything that matters to me.  I can't handle it all anymore.  I've always tried to be the positive one, the one who listened to everyone's problems and gave advice and saw the bright side of it all.  But inside I was always screaming and lonely.  Now I can't pretend to be that positive person anymore.   I have had 3 severe mental breakdowns in my life , and I can't handle anything anymore.  I have chronic double vision migraines for 2 years now.  I'm always sick.  I find no joy on anything and I've tried a Gambit of meds etc.    I can't do this anymore. I hate me.  I hate me so much.  I hate my mind.  I hate my mind so much.  It never ever stops putting me down, even when I do everything to stop it."
"Used up everything? Er, so I had the most productive day in the world so far, got up and dressed, cleaned the house and garden, made meals and stuff, now that that's all done and I've used up all my distraction techniques.. my husband isn't coming home from being away for another four hours and I'm slowly getting overwhelmed by the emptiness that's gonna hit... Any ideas of what I could do now? 😶"
"In Need of a bit of Reassurance I'm posting on reddit because I want actual human responses that isn't instantaneous (like on the phone or in person) -- because I tend to panic when talking to people about this on the spot.  ---------------------------------------------  Not sure if I'm depressed exactly, I'm usually really cheery and outgoing, but when certain events or thoughts cross my mind I break down crying and I just sit on the floor feeling empty -- just, I can't think of a better word to describe it, just literally like an empty, broken pot. I'd sit on the floor for a good 10 minute not moving a muscle and just crying, but I've never cut myself or attempted suicide before.   My story goes way back to when I was three years old, my dad gambled away too much money and so my parents got into a massive fight. They got divorced then, but out of fear that the community will shun them (we're from a traditional part of Asia), they kept living together -- which made my childhood a living hell. Me and my sister had to witness intensely emotional fights (luckily there weren't violence, just a lot of shouting and furniture throwing.)  My older sister had the worse end of it, she was the one they'd beat when we did something wrong, I was never beaten for causing trouble, they would beat my sister in my place because I was ""too skinny"". My sister grew up with depression, I think, so I would never allow myself to act like her. I can't show a single bit of depression in me or I'll get beaten, I thought, so acting cheery when I'm depressed became something I was used to.  My derange dad took my depressed sister and I to Canada when I was 9. I felt extremely torn to be taken away from my mom, who is the only person in my life who really understands me. I lived with them for 8 depressing years -- where I had to watch my sister suffer from my dad's verbal abuse -- my dad's apathy rubbed off on me and I grew up not joining any sports, clubs, or have any interesting hobbies. My dad never took me anywhere, he just goes out alone to hang out with a new woman everyday. I thought I was untalented and worthless anyways. I barely ever go outside, I was just a loser who watched porn and played league of legend or other online games all day.  I didn't have any ""friends"", either, only people I'd hang out with to ""feel included"". They were people whom I've nothing in common with, I just follow those who would allow me to follow them around.  My sister's depression led to her not being about to attend a university she wanted, so she went back to Asia to live with mom. My dad went to China to do business, and I decided to stay in Canada. Finally I was away from those depressing people.  So I transferred to a new school for my last year of high school and settled in a homestay family, I joined a few clubs and took up ice skating. I think I'm doing rather well now, but I still can't stop feeling depressed when I think of all the years I've lost, all the opportunities, all the things I could've accomplished.   I think I'm taking baby steps to making friends too, but now I panic in the hallway when people I know sees me alone and I would deliberately hide from the people who are friendly to me, because I don't know how to maintain friendships and I don't know how to make a conversation.   The worst part is, as a senior in high school, almost all my classmates have part-time jobs, established their friend groups, or are preparing for their university life. I also had to catch up on my education; nobody has time for making new friends.  I'm still way behind in terms of social development, and I am still mistrusting of others. But I think I'm on the right road, no matter how far behind I am, I think there is light at the end of the tunnel, and I just need a bit of reassurance and maybe some advice on how to manage my grief when I look at someone younger than me with a loving family, with trusting friends, and a promising career.   I hope that wasn't too wordy or depressing, and thank you for reading!"
"SSRIs and appetite I started taking prozac about a month ago, after switching from celexa that left me in a zombie-like state. It has helped with my anxiety, but I barely have an appetite and don't think about food at all. I know I need to eat when I get dizzy or my stomach starts growling, but otherwise I could skip every meal and be fine. I've lost weight as a result, and as my doctor doesn't want me to lose any more. Does anyone have suggestions as how to make food seem appetizing and try to eat more than a few bites a day?"
"I just want to make someone happy. 16M, high school kid who’s never really been in a legitimate relationship. I need to vent off right now. I’m really just hopeless in finding a gf. I’m actually pretty a pretty good looking guy, just a bit of a baby face and highish voice. I also can be very charismatic and I’m extremely nice, I wouldn’t harm a fly. But I’m just not attractive. There’s just so many dudes out there who are just simply better. They have cars, and nice houses, and a new fucking outfit for every day, loads of sexual experience, and better social skills than me.   What do I have? All I fucking have is a humongous heart that NOBODY wants me to give to them. I can’t have people over my house, I’m almost 17 and I just got my fucking learners permit for driving, and I’m just not somebody anyone wants to commit to. I always try to be as positive and confident as I can, but it’s so fucking difficult when nothing goes good for me.   I just want dig a hole and bury myself and hope somebody will give enough of a shit to dig me out."
"Choosing a lawyer Ive postponed moving forward with my divorce for 2 years, we've lived apart for 2.5. Its time for me to move forward, and I just cant seem to pick a laywer. Ive interviewed 4 based on recommendations of friends and they all essentially seem the same the cost, ranging from $650 to $350 an hour.   &amp;#x200B;  Ive read everything online on how to choose a lawyer, Ive asked friends, Ive read yelp reviews (how reliable are yelp reviews for lawyers). Im just looking for some unbiased information. I have to get this process started"
"Fresh grad needing to buy first car. Any advice on the smartest way to go about it please!  Hello, I am a 23 yo female making $55k per year. I really need a car because I have to drive to work. However, I only drive to the train station to commute into NYC, gym, and random doctor appointments, weekend outings - though very little. I live with my parents so I don't pay rent and buy very little food on my own. I have held out on not having a car thus far but my mom has been driving me to the station and picking me up every day. Its not her job and I rather not have her wake up at 7am everyday. Otherwise I uber everywhere too which feels so expensive though its less expensive than a car. I still have student loans and some medical bills that total to $20k together. I have around $8k in my bank.  I need something really cheap because I rather not waste money at this age on a car.  I have read old posts saying don't finance, don't buy the car etc. Can anyone share some experiences on the finance situation and recommendations? I am very new to this. To buy from a dealer, to buy used? A brand?"
"In a mixed episode. Doing shrooms this weekend? Hello. I’m in a mixed episode, very agitated, having suicidal ideation every so often, exhausted but can’t sleep, doing weird projects and then quitting them, smoking weed all day, you get what I mean. Coincidentally I also have the chance to do shrooms this weekend, after wanting to do them for years and years. I’m not going to give up the chance to do them, but In the name of harm reduction I was wondering if anyone could give me their experience doing shrooms in a mixed episode or any other time."
"Anyone else go through self love/hate cycles? I have ADHD, and I think I might also have depression. I've noticed, especially in times of stress (which is fairly often) I'll tell myself, ""Hey, it's gonna be fine, you can do this,"" and then ""No, no it's *not* okay, you're a failure and you're never going to change."" And on and on it goes. ""You need help. I'm going to talk to my therapist about this."" ""It won't help. No self help methods you ever try work, so just give up."" ""Is this going to be what my life is for years to come? Surely you'll get better over time..."" ""No, it probably will be this way until you inevitably kill yourself, because that's the way you're going and you're clearly not about to change."" There are days when I allow myself to do the things I like, such as watching movies and relaxing in bed and generally being lazy, followed by days of intense stress where I want to cry but can't, then a day of soothing, then stress and scolding...  Sometimes these cycles last a few weeks, other times just a few days. It's as if I have a cartoon angel and devil hanging around me, except they're not on my shoulders, they're in my head.  How do you deal with this?"
"I don't want to lose the magical parts I don't post on Reddit often and I'm sorry if I didn't do this right but I just didn't know where else to go. So I'm (36f) just now being diagnosed as schizophrenic I thought I was just bipolar with psychotic features but it's now being actually looked at by therapist and doctors and counselors  as I am schizophrenic. And I am seeing that I'm overly paranoid about things considering the fact I spent the last six hours searching for my w-2s because I thought somebody would steal them and hid them so well that even I can't find them. But five years ago I was going to school to be a drug counselor and I seen a article that question if we were medicating our prophets and it made sense to me. and I just didn't assume that all the things that I see and all the voices I hear we're trying to tell me something I'm supposed to know if I can just get through all the other things that they say, all the mean things, all the insults. However sometimes what people call psychosis I take it as something that's magical like a little flashes of light, or the people that I see that no one else sees, even the strange growling I hear coming from dark spaces. What if those really are real and I'm just really just gifted and what if my life is so boring without them. Does anybody else feel like this?"
"PSA for anyone questioning therapy I've been going to therapy for about 6 years now. I was scared to go at first because of the stigmas behind it. ""It's embarrassing"" or ""if I'm in therapy it means I'm crazy"" or ""how is talking to a stranger going to help my problem"" or any other reason why you would be against going. I had been thinking about it but didn't make my first appointment until after the most terrifying night of my life.   I had been really depressed and one night, while I was living in my crack den apartment, neighbors were fighting and it was physical, cops had been called, more neighbors were fighting, it was just a mess and my mind started running away from me and I started thinking about the events that took place leading me to that point in life and in one night I became suicidal. I won't go into details but it was the most terrifying experience. I never want my head to be that dark ever again. Prior to that, a psychologist from work referred me to a couple therapists in town so after that scary night I reached out to the one I could remember. I called and the receptionist answered: ""____ psychological associates, how can I help you?"" ""Uh...hi, my name is ___, I need to talk to someone and Dr. ____referred me to a psychologist in this office."" ""Ok well there's a waiting list but I can schedule you for her first opening in two months, if we can get you in sooner I'll give you a call."" When I got off the phone I felt even more helpless, I didn't want to wait, I could be dead in two months! What a bust. At least I tried. Not even an hour later I received a call from that receptionist saying they could get me in for an appointment in about two weeks.  I walked in to my first session terrified and skeptical. I walked out of my first session feeling like I'll be ok and I knew I made the right choice.   I trailed off pretty bad but my point is, therapy is great. I've seen the same therapist this whole time and I love her. I'm pretty sure she's an angle in disguise. If you're thinking of starting I highly recommend it! But it is important to make sure your therapist is the right fit for you. I got lucky but I know people who go through several therapists before they find the one that's right for them but once you do you won't regret going even for a second. If people tell you anything about how therapy doesn't work or it's a bad idea, don't listen until you try for yourself. It's been one of the best decisions I ever made."
"i just wanna feel normal So I've been reading some old posts and I feel like I don't have it as bad as most people, don't need medication, very few attacks and disliking myself only half of the time, but stiil, I just wanna feel normal again like when I was a kid. Don't know how but I had plenty of friends back in the day or at least it felt like it, it was easy. But now I feel like I just annoy everyone around me, that was kinda my thing in high school, people would just get annoyed by anything I said and never knew what changed, I just did the same thing I did in elementary, be friendly, be myself and that used to work, but not anymore. I don't have any crushing stories, just a few suicidal thoughts here and there and just a desperate need to be able to make friends again, to mantain a relationship without srewing things in a couple of weeks. I just wanna be normal again but I really don't know how to. Now I'm afraid about anything coming out of my mouth I think and rethink things before saying them and even after having the courage of saying them I always feel like I said the stupidest thing ever, always feel like shit when someone is slightly mad at me or ignoring me, I tried to stop caring about people but it doesn't work, nothing really seems to work."
"I feel many of the people here could use this, at least i did It's such a good feeling To know you're alive. It's such a happy feeling; You're growing inside. And when you wake up ready to say: I think I'll make a snappy new day. It's such a good feeling, A very good feeling. The feeling you know, that I'll be back When the day is new. And I'll have more ideas for you. And you'll have things you'll want to talk about. I will too. you make each day such a special day, you know how by just youre being you only one person in the whole world like you and its you yourself  –Mr Rodgers–"
"It has been so cold out the last few days, That you could rob me with a water gun."
"NSFW: Have you done Shrooms or Acid during an episode?  If you’ve tripped while having an episode or just with knowledge that you have BPD, please share your experience(s).   I used to do acid a good bit about 4-5 years ago and never had a bad time, but this was also before I was diagnosed or even had a clue of what BPD was. Ive never done shrooms. I want to trip soon because I want to see if it’ll help me heal even just a tad since I’ve weaned myself off Prozac and my emotions have been doing their own uncontrollable thing at this point. I’ve heard of microdosing on LSD and Psilocybin (I’m actually in college right now to study about it!) and I want to try it out after I have one good trip. Unfortunately there’s not many studies or trials at all with therapeutic doses of psychedelic drugs aiding in mood disorders, especially BPD so I am anxious about tripping obviously.   I’m concerned because now that I am consciously aware of my mood swings and kinda aware of my episodes (towards the end) that I’m going to have a bad time and won’t be able to pull myself out. In the past I was a lot more in control of my energy/emotions towards my surroundings when I was tripping and could easily take myself out of situations where I knew I was starting to have a bad time. But now, idk what will happen."
"When to let guy(28m) I’ve (25f) been seeing know I’m chronically ill? Hello everyone,   I have a chronic condition that I have to take several medications for multiple times a day. I have a pill box like an old lady and I religiously follow my regimen. I’m also in cardiac rehab to help rebuild some of my strength and renervate some damaged areas to hopefully get off the medications some day, but for now I eat healthy, excercise, rest and take my medicine religiously. I’m a single parent and I think I basically drove myself and my immune system into the ground by overworking myself until about a year ago I ended up sick enough to be hospitalized, I developed a rare disorder, and since then have taken my health very seriously. Even still, there is still a possibility I may never get off the medication, which is contraindicated for pregnancy and drinking. I can’t go without my meds or I could have a stroke basically.   If you met me on the street you would never know I’m as sick as I am, which is how I met Ben. Me and Ben have been seeing each other for a couple months, but he coincidently happens to be a medical doctor so we really only see each other maybe once or twice a week since our schedules are so busy (I’m in school getting my masters degree and I work full time, plus a single parent and have cardiac rehab three days a week. That was exhausting even writing.)  Anyways, I really haven’t shared any of this information with Ben. He knows I got sick last year and spent ten days in the hospital but he has very little idea about what’s still going on. Should I share this information with him now so he has the chance to run? Hold onto it until we are more serious? As far as I know, I will be able to live a normal life span with my meds but pregnancy is contraindicated because of risks of deformity to the baby. Plus, if I don’t take my meds religiously I get symptomatic so the rest of my life will be me making sure my meds are nearby. This is a weird disorder so sometimes it goes away for years and then shows up again randomly or sometimes it just stays.  TLDR; I’m on a bunch of meds and in cardiac rehab to help combat chronic disease, doctors say I should be able to live a normal life but pregnancy is contraindicated. When should I share this information with prospective partners?"
"I’m feeling like my old self again My past 4-5 have been horrible. I had been so anxious and depressed that I ruined relationships, did horrible in school, and lost friends. I was hopeless on what to do.  But recently I’ve been going to my therapy sessions and started medication from my doctor. I am finally beginning to feel like my old self again, I am finally relaxed in everyday situations, I am focused on the future, and I’m overall so much better with my relationships.   My only regret is not taking these steps sooner, just wanted to share!!!"
"will this shit ever get better been suicidal for most of my life. first attempt was when i was 9 bc of the bullying at school. 16 bc of bullying as well. few times in college that landed me in hospitals. last time was in october but i failed. i fail every fucking time and it makes me so mad and even more depressed.   lately, i’ve resorted to taking even more drastic measures. i haven’t had the motivation as badly as before. i drove to a gun store and sat out front, emotionless. i sat there for an hour and never went inside. i ended up breaking down and screaming and crying.   i thought of my little brother and how he would feel. i thought of how i wouldnt be able to play a new game that is coming out next month. seems like really small reasons, but i didnt buy a gun to kill myself on saturday.   i still feel like shit. i’m so miserable. i’m trying so fucking hard."
it is so hard Not interested in carrying on
"I live my life on a constant autopilot, I have never bothered with doing anything that makes me work as I never really needed to and I cannot break out of the loop anymore. I cannot even decide anything as my subconscious has gotten control of everything that I do. I will soon have to start actually working but with me in this situation it can only get worse. Because of that I have started making suicide attempts, they clearly were not successful. My bodily reflex saves me from everything that i try and it might be because i want to suffer but I cannot figure it out. I cannot do it anymore. I need help making it all stop. Please kill me I am but i do not wish to."
"Been an anxious mess going on a week after a car accident. Backstory: last week I was in a 3 car accident in which the last car rear ended the middle car which then rear ended me and the force caused the driver to then side swipe my drivers side from back to bumper. The middle car driver requested ambulance for hip and back pain. The original driver got a citation for reckless driving and not wearing a seat belt. He was going to the vet for his sick dog, who was in the back of his car. He left the dog in the car in the sun (we live in the US in a place with a moderately warm winter) for the hour and a half it took to process the accident. I walked away with neck pain and a wicked 3 day headache.   MORE backstory: I totaled my car in an accident that was my fault last year and broke a vertabrae in my back in the process. That messed me up mentally and emotionally for months.   CURRENTLY I am waiting for the man who caused the accident to make his statement to insurance so they’ll take the blame and I can have them pay for repairs. As it has been a week and the man who caused it won’t talk to insurance, I’m waiting on the police report to be filed so I can send it to the insurance.   I have felt sick to my stomach for almost a week, anxious and sad to the point where it makes me feel like I’m coming down with the flu. Every ache in my back and neck makes me panic that I messed something up. As I am driving my car without a bumper, every time someone comes near me driving it makes me panic to the point of hyperventilation. I can’t relax and shake all the time. I’m losing sleep and having nightmares about it. I feel this overwhelming sense of guilt about it all even after repeatedly being told it wasn’t my fault. I’m terrified the man who caused the accident will come after me, as he has my address on the insurance exchange form. I haven’t told anyone how much I’m suffering because they all had to deal with my anxiety in the original car accident where I totaled my car. I feel much more anxious this time around and I don’t know why. I’m too afraid to bug anyone by telling them how I feel. How do I help myself relax and realize it will be okay?"
"Thunder and Lightning Anyone ever get scared of Thuder and Lightning. I wasn't when I was younger but now that I'm older, it freaks me out a lot. It doesn't help to live in a tropical country that's always in the path of storms and typhoons."
"Been on Lexapro 10mg for about 6 months.Have been tapering off for 2 months now. I have had minimal effects so far, brain zaps, irritable but nothing major like when I missed a few doses a few months back.I was taking 2.5 mg for 2 weeks and decided to stop cold turkey from there and I have been off for one week. I started getting brain zaps but now I feel like I am being shocked from my head down to my toes when I turn my head for the past few days. Like I have a tens machine hooked up to my whole body. it is unpleasant. I do not want to move but I had to go to the store and I was crying by the time I got back to my car. Is this a side effect anyone else has experienced? Lexapro withdrawal symptom or something else?"
"job interview I don’t have an anxiety disorder but I feel so anxious when I have to have any social interaction when the judgement is placed on me if that makes any sense.  I turn 19 next month and still haven’t had my first job. I’ve applied to many but if i get interviews for them I can’t stop stressing about them and i lose sleep over it. Same things goes for school presentations, group work or debates.  I finally got myself to go to an interview (instead of cancelling last minute like I usually do) but when i reached the building I couldn’t go in and started panicking. I had another interview that was a phone interview and during it my heart was beating so fast and I couldn’t actually answer any of the questions.   I have an interview in a few days (group interview) for this toy shop and i’m so nervous for it.  I’ve been practicing in advance by going through sample question everyday this past week but I know when it comes time to speak I’ll freeze up.  Anyone know what I can do?? I really need this job."
"SAHP - how do you validate/praise your working spouse? Hi all, sorry if the title doesn’t make sense. I’m looking for advice following a conversation with my husband this morning. He works full time, and helps me a ton after work with the toddler (1.5 year old boy), but it seems like he’s missing some validation and praise from me.   On a typical day, husband does dinner with toddler (I will cook, but I usually take a backseat after caring for toddler all day - I’m 31 weeks pregnant), play with toddler while I relax, and then do bath and bedtime. He also handles all of toddler nighttime wake ups, with rare exceptions. I, of course, appreciate this a ton.   To the crux of the problem - husband mentions every so often that he is so great as he does so much more than other dads. This rubs me the wrong way, as it seems misguided? A lose/lose comparison? Also, this puts me in a weird place when he says he is a better dad than our friends’ husbands. And overall, I’m not sure where this is coming from.  What would be a better way for me to validate and praise him? Or should I just let this go?  I asked if this is stemming from him wanting to have more time to himself, and he said no."
Help I’m having extreme anxiety and even suicidal thoughts. I want to end my life so bad but i cannot because i love my boyfriend so much that i simply cannot be without him. The thought of losing him makes me so so so incredibly sad and it gives me extreme anxiety to the point where my whole body shuts down and i have extreme heart pains and i keep throwing up. I have a history of people leaving me and for the past 24 hours i keep thinking about him just leaving even though deep down i know he wont but this mind of mine just wont stop torturing me. I need a hug and someone to talk to so much but i don’t want to ask anyone because i don’t want to be an attention whore. What do i do?
If I take a job with a 1099 form (independent contractor) what percentage of my paycheck should I set apart for taxes at the end of the year? I am in Texas.
"i don’t want to be alone please, god... i want to be happy, not sad. i was alone in new year night. i am always alone in my birtdays, in school. i am always alone. what can i do? nothing"
"when your mom makes fun of your career choice so you restrict to get revenge? at home from college due to the virus, hear my mom talking to my dad about how many of her friends' kids are doctors/lawyers and wondering how she raised a daughter who won't be one. i wanna be an actress, and in a way i've never felt like i was skinny enough for film/TV so i'm restricting harder than ever trying to 'make it' and show her.   i **know** she knows i have good hearing, yet she's making no effort at all to whisper these harsh things.   i'm stuck at home for at LEAST 5 months before i can leave for college again. i thought her cruelness would've stopped once i left for college, yet she's still here making my life horrible during the times i come back."
"Divorce sucks. Anyone else dealing with a ruthless and hurtful future ex? I left my husband 3 weeks ago and he’s treated me like complete shit. It’s not fair. I left the marriage because I was unhappy and I didn’t feel I had a husband or a partner, and now he’s just showing me how he never cared in the first place. It’s so hurtful and so unfair to us people who actually have good hearts and actually wanted our marriages to work."
"22 y/o seeking separation, no idea how to live independently hi all. i am a 22, almost 23 y/o nonbinary person living in NC. i identified as a cis female my whole life and usually present as such as i am not out to many people in my life. i am married to a cis man, have been for almost two years.   i'll try not to get into that many details, but i am very seriously considering a separation. there is no abuse issue or infidelity issue. i'm in sex therapy and i've realized i've never gotten the chance to be alone/single/independent. i feel like i don't really know myself. i have a lot of issues with sex due to past traumatic experiences and i want to just not have any expectations to have sex for a while as it is just not a good experience. i want to go out on my own and experience my life and decide whether marriage is the right place for me to be. i also have a lot of past issues i'm still working through with my spouse. i met him when i was 17 and he was almost 28, and i feel like he got to experience many things i just haven't. my spouse is supportive of me going out on my own. in fact even if we don't end up together by the end of this he wants me to be happy, and we would always be friends. i feel very confident about that, as we aren't fighting at all.   the issue i'm running into is.... i have literally no experience being on my own. i've been supported by either my parents or my spouse my whole life. i got married right out of college. i grew up in a southern baptist church where this was expected, and honestly it seemed like the next logical step. as such, i haven't had to be on my own. i work at a domestic violence shelter, but i don't make nearly enough money despite working tons of hours, since it's barely above minimum wage. i wouldn't be able to afford rent on my own place, i'd have to find roommates. i have friends i can ask but i also don't want to be a burden, especially if this turns out to be a long term thing.   i guess i'm wondering.... has anyone else out there gone through something like this? i honestly almost want to live like a nun. i really, truly don't want to have sex or a relationship. i literally just want to be on my own for a while, focus on grad school, focus on a job (i'm open to changing jobs tho it's SUPER hard to find one in any of my fields), and just get to know myself. i'm a writer getting my MFA and i want to focus more on my writing and reading.   would anyone have tips for me? basically i'm inexperienced and poor. i would like to stay in my current house with my husband but it would make this separation thing really hard, and i'm not about to make him move out of a house he pays for. and if i stayed i would just sort of feel obligated to stay within the marriage if that makes sense. like, it's a small house, we wouldn't be able to just avoid each other. i want my own space, my own time.   is this totally selfish? does this make any sense? what should my strategy be? i'm not planning on taking any actions until at least october (rn it's aug 30). but i would like to have some sort of game plan heading into the fall.   honestly i really just want to feel like i have some agency in my life and that i have free will. it's not that i was forced into marriage or anything, but having known my husband since i was 17, i just never got a chance to figure some stuff out about myself. this may just be a grass-is-greener thing and that's fine, but i do want the chance to figure that out."
"Math class makes me wanna die Not to be dramatic but it really does. I had another math teacher until this year, then this new teacher took her place and everything changed, making it worse for all of us. He’s a bully and always humiliates us in front of class. My anxiety goes beyond any limit and I can clearly hear and feel my heartbeat, my face turns red and I’m sweating like crazy, and this happens especially when he’s looking in the classroom thinking about who he’s going to pick next to come solve an exercise on the whiteboard (and we also receive a mark for this). Usually my anxiety is not so bad and I’m pretty good at managing it but somehow I become powerless in this situation.   I’m a senior in highschool and the thought that I only have 3 more months left and then I’ll be free kinda gives me strength to continue but at the same time I don’t know how I’ll do that. I don’t even know how I managed to resist these 5 months since the beginning of the year.   What is there to do? Tomorrow I have math again and I feel like crying and already considering not going."
"She had a lot to say,but she preferred silence.There was chaos in her heart, but they mistook it as her calmness. do not know why I am here"
"Driving test Sorry if formatting is goofed, I’m on mobile    In about 4 hours here I will be taking my drivers test. I am crying and feel like I am going to puke, I’m so nervous. I really wish I was on medication right now but I just got on a new insurance plan and haven’t been able to get back to my physiatrist to refill :/     I am 19 but when I was of drivers ed age a few years ago I was way too scared to drive. I slowly got over my fear, now I’m not scared of driving at all. But it’s the test that freaks me out. I’ve been putting it off for years now. In the last year I’ve canceled at least 2 tests. And I would’ve canceled this test as well if I didn’t absolutely need my license.     I’m taking the test in a city I’ve only driven through a couple times, as my local dmv was booked many months in advanced for tests. I am not familiar at all with this city so that freaks me out. It is a small city though with about 10,000 people and seems to be mostly residential, so idk if that’s a good thing or not for me.    I am a decent driver. I’m not pro obviously but I’m not reckless or dangerous, I have common sense, I know the major rules of the road.. but there’s still some things that I’m not 100% on. The main thing is parallel parking. If they ask me to parallel park, I’m screwed. I’m terrible at it. And I just looked at the city in google maps so there’s a shit ton of parallel parking downtown (where there’s virtually none in my city, &amp; where there is parallel parking nobody is there so it’s not that hard to park) I can just imagine them asking me to do it, and there’s probably going to be many cars parked there at work :/ my parents said they weren’t asked to for their test but they took it like 40 years ago lol.     I’m terrified I’m going to get some stereotypical mean old strict person conducting the test. There’s a lot of people on reddit who talk about how driving tests are too easy &amp; they pass everyone, but then there will be people who say they were failed for the smallest or stupidest things.     I wouldn’t be as nervous if it wasn’t crucial that I need my license. Honestly otherwise I’d be okay to maybe fail and then know what I need to work on and then try again. But here’s the thing, I’m starting a new job on Friday, and I’m training in a city that’s 40 mins away so I’m not going to be able to get a ride there (I mean if I really really have to I guess I could but I really don’t want my mom driving me that far for a short 4 hour shift)  I wish I could’ve gotten an earlier test but again I didn’t sign up quick enough &amp; they were all booked :/     So yeah, I may die today"
"[Article] and [AMA] through true understanding, find lasting motivation and inspiration. THE THEORY OF A RELATIVE BIOLOGICALLY-COGNITIVE REALITY  The Theory in short:  Reality is relative to the biological organism perceiving it and how that organism interprets reality independently and simultaneously with other organisms for the purpose of self-aware life.  The challenge we all currently face:  Modern society (Our education system) is failing to catch up to scientific knowledge (Absolute truths) and is forcing every human child to grow up confused about what they are and why they feel what they feel.  You feel what you feel because your parents birthed you into what can be perceived as a game we Humans created called “Society”, and you didn’t even know. All you truly knew is that you were actively doing something, living.  We are all curious creatures of habit.  The same way an ant lives in a colony.  You are a Human living in a Society. Our Society.  \----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  All human adults fear the unknown  Just as a small child is not afraid of the monsters in the closest, but truly afraid of what they really don’t know yet.  Modern human adults are scared of the dark. The dark that comes at the ending of each of our Lives (biological clocks).  When I finally grew up I learned to not be afraid of the dark, for monsters do not exist. &amp; that gives me hope, for in the future we can find out what truly lies beyond the scope of our current imagination. Life is beautiful.   \---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Teamwork fosters true love  I believe true love, is when two or more human beings collectively unite for their common good. Through this fundamental understanding, maybe just maybe... one day we can build our own utopian Society. I believe it’s not just possible, but inevitable.   \---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  You are the author of your own life  My theory answers what you are. Not who you are. You have at the very least, what feels like free will to be whoever you choose to be in this game of society that we all call life. That's what makes life so fun, you are the author of your yet unwritten story. Impossible does not exist, you can be whoever you choose to be.  \-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I would love to hear about your thoughts of this within this thread. &amp; if you have any questions I will do an AMA in this thread as well. Feel free to share/ask freely!  You can read more on the site completely free, I have never added ads and never will! My dream is make this planet happier and more empathetic for those less fortunate before my time is up. On my website I include my full life story, the leaders who influenced me the most, and much more. I have made my life an open book for anyone to learn from. I would love to hear what you think of the content! \~\~\~\~\~[My website](https://www.anthonymarquez.com) \~\~\~\~\~"
I hate the sun. I can't stand when the seasons start to change and it starts to become more sunny and warm outside. Everytime I go outside I feel like I'm being mocked. Sunlight floating around seems like it is teasing me. I wish it could be night all the time.
"Lost my job today Lost my job today over something I didn't even do, but it made me look bad so they had no choice but to fire me.  Sucks because this was the best job I've ever had in my life. I also had plans to move out of this state finally and transfer to another one where I was moving to... but that's come to a halt it seems.  Just when life seems to be going oh for once and things are going according to plan, I get screwed.   Every. Time.  Feel like I just don't want to exist anymore and want to give up, even more so than I normally do.   Life is so great"
"Primary Weapons Sytems (PWS) MK114 Mod1: Anything I should know? About to order one of these and all I've read are rave reviews.  Any members here have hands on experience?  Also, this will be my first AR."
"This isn’t related to bipolar but I need to talk to someone and everyone here is asleep. Mice in my room, tw eating disorder Not sure if this can go here.  I have an eating problem and I binge eat a lot and I keep the food wrappers in my room because I am embarrassed and don’t want my parents to find out about the binging...  Woke up at 4am and saw a mouse on my bedroom floor and there is always more than one. Must have been attracted by the food wrappers. Told my parents and they are angry but I told them it was wrappers from Christmas chocolate not binge food. I’ll die of embarrassment if they find out, which they will, because all the wrappers are in a bin bag in my room.   So the mice are going to be horribly killed and my parents are going to be so angry with me and it is all my fault and I feel so guilty. This happened when I was around fourteen for the same reason - I am now 22 - and oh god why the hell haven’t I grown out of this pathetic crap.   I don’t know what to do, I mean short term the mouse need sorting out. I am in my brother’s room tonight now - too scared to go into mine - and I think I can hear them in the loft. It’s an old house. I am so scared that they are all through the house. The thought of them living in my room makes me feel a bit sick - when I was fourteen we put out traps and one died in front of me, and I swore I would change my ways and grow up a bit but now I am a fucking adult and I still am like this and my parents are going to be so disappointed   Oh god. Been hearing noises for about a week but told myself it was the radiator making the papers move on my noticeboard, although looking back it was mice and I was lying to myself.   I can definitely hear them in the loft above my head.   I feel so bad"
"What are some ideas about how time would work ou.tside of the matrix? Suspending for a minute the debate on whether or not we are in the matrix, I think it would be an interesting exercise to question how time would work outside of the matrix.  It seems that a lot of people on this sub and others believe that time is controlled by the matrix.  Do any believe that time does not exist outside of the matrix or that time is not linear outside of the matrix? Personally, I don't know whether we can rule out that are not living in a matrix, so I am curious how or whether or not time would function outside of reality or in another way of putting it, how the matrix theoretically distorts our reality so that we perceive time as we do?"
"I need help Why do i feel like iam the exact opposite of the world.   everyone goes to a mainstream of interests that I don't like, music I don't like, hobbies I don't find tempting since I like history, unique type of music, strategy games, geopolitics and geography and guns, tanks etc I find it very difficult to make friends with anyone since they will see me as weird.... And im starting to get worried"
"I’m serious, I have nothing going for me, recently found out God isn’t real. What’s the point then? Im 20 and I just want to die already. Its like im short, ugly, undeserving, and cant focus so im useless to an employer.    I know its wrong but I blame my dad, he reproduced with bad genes, so now im ugly. He used God as a way to get a good christian wife, otherwise he wouldn’t have a chance with my mom. But God isn’t real, theres no heaven, it was just a way to control peoples behavior in early civilization.   Im so depressed that I cant even muster the energy to consider the different ways I could do it. Right now I just rot and watch youtube.   Holy shit I hate myself so fucking much existence is complete and utter garbage. I get no enjoyment out of it just PLEASE CAN SOMEONE JUST SNIPE ME THROUGH MY BEDROOM WINDOW PLEASE"
"PMS? More like kms I’ve only been awake for two and a half hours today and I’ve already: 1) cried because my k cup exploded and my coffee was all grounds 2) come up with an unrealistic exercise plan for today 3) given up on said exercise plans 4) cried because I’m fat and hate myself, vowing to never eat again 5) eaten over 3,000 calories in chocolate and peanuts. I’m not even hungry, I’m just trying to fill the void"
"Alternative to (now defunct) Stigma App? A couple of years ago there was a ton of buzz about an anonymous community app called Stigma that let users track moods, create journal entries, and connect with others based on shared experiences and a few other factors. I downloaded it about a year ago and loved it, but the developer has run off and there is no more support and very few active users.   Does anyone know of a similar app or something else that gives that sense of community?"
"Free yoga, meditation, and fitness classes while quarantined! :) I am a part of a youth charity foundation called ""Inspiring Children"". Our main focus is mental health. When being in quarantine became mandatory, we knew that there would be a mental health crisis. It's very easy to slip into darkness and isolation at a time like this; for that reason, we have started doing daily programming on twitch TV ([https://www.twitch.tv/inspirehouse](https://www.twitch.tv/inspirehouse)) in response to the quarantine. Our channel includes daily Yin yoga, fitness, and meditation! We wanted to make sure everyone who is quarantined has access to these programs- and it's completely free!  I hope that people who want to do live classes find this resource helpful. :)  Much love and strength to you all &lt;3"
"Playing basketball/low intensity cardio after lifting heavy or compounds Who else has tried or actively does this? I do it occasionally and I noticed Id be a lot less sore and I was definitely burning fat. My only concern was if I was sacrificing a lot of muscle, which I am still am not sure if I am or not but either way I feel great after my workouts, honestly just posted this because I want to hear some other opinions"
"Chest Infection for several weeks Hi all, I hope this is the right place for this but I’m at a bit of a loss.  First, some details about me: 32m, based in the UK; very active and healthy life apart from being a nightly weed smoker. I go to the gym 5 times week and lift weights.  I’ve had a chest infection since the beginning of September. Symptoms are a persistent cough, aches and pains in the chest area (although this could be DOMs from bench pressing), shortness of breath.   Been to the doctors three times - was proscribed antibiotics that also have a slight anti-inflammatory effect. These did nothing apart from dulling the shortness of breath for the 7 days I was on them.  I’ve also been proscribed a reliever inhaler to use a couple of times a day.  On the second and third visit to my GP I tested in the normal range for blood pressure, oxygen in lungs, pulse rate and I did another breath test (breathed into a tube to push a thing down) - again, normal result.  It’s now October and I still have a cough and occasional shortness of breath.  My question: how long do these things take to clear up? I’ve never been ill for this amount of time. Any advice would be greatly appreciated as I’m getting really quite worried at this point. It’s also worth mentioning that this week I’ve stopped smoking."
"Can't really think of a title I'm 26 years old and have not accomplished a single thing in my life for which I can say I'm proud of. On the contrary, my life seems to be a collection of mistakes from which I can't ever seem to learn from. I've been addicted to pornography for more than 10 years and it has affected my life in a VERY negative way. I've studied 3 different majors none of which I finished, the last one being electrical engineering, I was supposed to finally graduate last semester but my visa was revoked (I'm an international student). So my education has stalled for another year while I finish in my home country. The girl I was dating dumped me for her ex and contacted me a month later to tell me she was pregnant with my child, the thought of being a father actually made me happy. Until the next day when she said it was too much of a hassle and dissapeared for a week only to come back to inform me she had had an abortion, this tore me appart.   I have attempted to kill myself once before, when I was 18. I've been dealing with depression for as long as I can remember and was able to overcome it for about 3 years, the duration of my last real relationship with the love of my life, but I managed to fuck that up as well and depression came back. The only thing that has kept me from killing myself until now has been the guilt of causing my family and friends that kind of pain if I were to do it, only that, I hate myself.   For this new year 2018 I made a list of things I want to accomplish, and have already made my mind to commit suicide if I don't accomplish anything by the end of the year.    The people who read this will be the only ones, besides me, who know about my resolve since I do not talk to anyone about my feelings at all, I just don't feel I should burden anyone with my issues."
Can somebody cheer me up Can somebody just please cheer me up im just feeling very bad and sad
"On medication, but still feel broken Ive been on Prozac for 2 months now, it's helping a lot with my depression, I'll have a few days I'm super depressed, but even when I'm not actually depressed I still feel like I'm missing something, I'm not right, i still don't really have emotions, I still feel empty, and I'm still cutting."
"i feel like everyone is on the same page and i'm in a different book ever since a young age i've always been the odd one out. all throughout school i've had no friends, no family, no nobody. my mother was the only person in my life until she died, and even we never really had that mother son bond. no matter how many things i try it doesn't seem to change. i don't feel anything. i don't know what i like. i don't know what i want. i don't know who i am. i don't know anything about myself really. i feel like a stranger in my own body. how can i make friends if i have no personality? am i an empty shell without soul? my first and only girlfriend called me that after we broke up. i wonder if she knew what type of person i am? i thought i understood her but i guess we were speaking a different language. bodybuilding is the only thing that made me feel a purpose. i can't maintain bonds with anybody. it's just me and always has been me. i can't click with anybody. i don't feel like i'm on the same wavelength as anybody else. is there a point? i feel soulless. i feel like i'm disconnected from this simulation. i feel like a different species. i don't even know what i feel? i just want a friend"
"I'm a mess. I compulsively tell myself throughout the day that I am worthless, that no one loves me, likes me, and no one will love me or like me, and that no one SHOULD love me or like me, because im not worth it, Im a waste, I'm worthless, I'm not worth anyone's time and I dont deserve love.   Why would anyone ever stay with me if I will just be sad all day every day and will always be afraid to get better?"
"Funny moment in the grocery store So a few weeks ago, my bank cards were reported stolen for some reason. So they sent me my new debit card in the mail, but I only found out later that my credit card was also cancelled so I'm still waiting on that one. So when I did some grocery shopping earlier all I had was my debit card.  It was a VISA debit card so when it came to pay I tried to tap it, but it didn't work so I had to insert it. When the machine asked me for my pin, I freaked out a little and while I typed my 4 numbers in, I thought ""wait did I reuse my old pin or is the card automatically set to some random number like 9999. What if it rejects it? I don't have any cash on me, am I gonna have to sheepishly apologize and explain that I can't pay for my items?""  Then a second later it confirms that my pin was accepted and in relief I go ""Wow I can't believe that worked"". And so immediately I thought, ""damn that sounded suspicious as fuck. Is the cashier thinking I stole this card off of someone, I tried to tap in at first so maybe she's putting together that I was hoping that I wouldn't need to use a pin for this card I must have purloined from some innocent person.""  In the end she didn't even react and I just said ""have a good day"" and left the grocery store. I realized I unnecessarily overthink things and all the bad things are all in my head. I don't even know if this post has any value but I wrote this much so I might as well post it."
"I got a conspiracy Nikola Tesla’s way of transmitting energy did happen it’s what we call radio towers. They are everywhere it’s releasing radiation though but at safe levels unlike how they want to do with 5g. Nazi symbol but connect the ends give you energy symbol of vortex math (not including 3,6,9). That’s why they want the symbol banned. It was an ancient symbol of peace before nazis used it. Hidden in plain sight? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=I1IDC8FEIBU https://garylite.com/2018/09/09/the-secret-behind-numbers-369-tesla-code-is-finally-revealed-extended/  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7FJ65T42rLI"
I’m just anxious I feel so anxious it hurts
The definition of me as really just come down to I absolutely fucking hate myself
News published friends name without permission My friend posted something in a private Facebook group on a sensitive topic and a news outlet picked it up but didn't ask for her permission to publish her name in it. She had to delete her Facebook and make everything private as a result and only after contacting them did they remove her name.  Is she on any grounds to do anything about it?
Can't remember names and Favorite dessert game I was in class today taking an introduction to acting class as a communication requirement. Well were all in class today seated in like a half circle around a big open room for performances. The teacher guy introduces himself he is chill and what not. But he goes let's play a game to introduce everyone. The first person will say there name and then favorite dessert me and my Girlfriend are almost the last 2 which mean remembering around 20 new students name and dessert. The game is easy at first all you gotta do is remember the first persons name then dessert and so on and so on but it keeps getting more and more with each person. Most people struggle but get around half the names and dessert. Me with all my ADHD literally only remembered like 5 names and only like 3 desserts I flubbed so many. It was embarrassing honestly but I kept a smile and don't mind. My girlfriend is next and she is my yin to my yang. Like a super computer she quickly list everyone single persons name and dessert like they are best friends she gets over 20 people's name right and there dessert!! When she finished the entire class everyone clapped and applauded!! even the teacher who was the last one to finish wasn't able to remember everyone he missed like one. My gf pretty smart I wish I could remember things like that lmao hope you enjoyed this story
"I've started writing again After my suicide attempt a few months ago I went right back to work and tried to convince myself that I was doing okay.   And at the start it was okay but as the weeks went by, I lost all enjoyment, from basically everything. sex, food, even music; song's would be almost finished when I'd notice I haven't paid attention or I'd sit for my train journey to work in silence despite my headphones being in.  Things got really bad again and I was so close to trying again, I'd lost any semblance of hope I'd clung to after the last attempt but this week things have been better.  I even started writing again last night, It's my coping mechanism; I've written at least 15 books, mostly about abuse at home, bad relationships, suicide etc. because it's how I process things.  And instead of finishing them and then leaving them untouched on my laptop for months until I drag them to the trash I'm posting this one to Wattpad, It's very different from what I usually write and I doubt anyone will see it but it makes me feel good to finally put what I'm feeling out into the world and even if it's never read by someone else it makes me believe I can maybe let it all good for once now it's not trapped inside my head."
"I shared some stuff with my kids about their sister who died before they were born They are 5 and almost 7. They have known about their sister since they were little, as we never kept her a secret. Their oldest sister only lived 6 days. She had trisomy 18. We didn't know until a few hours before she died. We have a chest with all her stuff in the hall closet. My 5 year old is so interested in it. To her, it looks like a treasure chest. I didn't want her to sneak into it without us because there are some things she is not ready for. For example, some picture the nurses took after she died so we could have some pictures of her without all the equipment on her. I also would be devastated if anything got stolen or broken from there. We will be moving it, as I don't want to chance it, but I also didn't want them to feel like this is some taboo thing.   So, we looked through some of it together last night while my husband was doing some chores. I showed the her hand and foot prints and her prayer card and a whole photo album of pictures of her over her short life. I talked about her and answered any questions they had. My older daughter asked if she always stayed in the incubator, and I explained she needed it to live and only came out once. She was trying to ask if she died there, and I explained she died in my arms, that I wouldn't let her die alone. We all cried. My older daughter looked at me and said, ""I'm sorry mommy, it's just so sad."" I told her it was okay, she shouldn't apologize, and it was sad, but that I was so happy to have met her sister and that I am so lucky to have her and her younger sister. We laughed, we cried, we enjoyed the picture. It was really special. they really impressed me by how much they understood and how kind they were to me because it wasn't easy to go through. I knew it had to happen at some point and it just felt right. I am really happy I did it. I want to have a relationship where my girls know we can talk about things, even if it isn't easy. I want them to understand that it is okay to be curious.   It all went better than expected and it really makes me appreciate how awesome my girls are :)"
"Life purposes and future anxiety I was hoping someone can give my advice about my frequent anxiety lately. I got accepted into an internship in Florida for over the summer working with sea turtles. Working with sea turtles would be my dream job and while this internship most likely doesn’t guarantee employment following it will still be beneficial to my experience and resume. This internship would involve living away from home, family, and my boyfriend for 12 weeks (someone I’ve never done before).My boyfriend and I see ourselves in Florida in our near future anyways. Now all of a sudden I have a state government job interview where I am from that would be full time work, benefits, and get my foot in the door to a great future. (More anxiety for a job interview now yay) Someone I know involved with this line of work mentioned it often takes months to hear if you got the job so I’m hoping I can do the internship and maybe come home to this job but then I’m stuck back in Home town. I can’t stop thinking about the future and just want to find my career to start a family sooner than later. Also something at work happened last night where someone complained (I think about me) and how I do not greet them just sit on my “gadget” and not smile at them which got me so annoyed I went to bed so early last night just to avoid my anxiety and anger. Any help or advice is greatly appreciated, sorry for the long post"
"I don't know how to act around my family now In March, I had the worst suicide attempt I've ever had. I tried to crash my car in front of a train. Miraculously I escaped with only a broken ankle.  My family had no idea I was getting that bad, they didn't even know about the hospitalization I'd had a week before the attempt.  While in the hospital (I was inpatient for about 2 weeks after that) I reconnected with my former best friend, was honest with my mom about what was going on for the first time, and ""found religion."" The religion thing didn't stick, which made me fall out with my friend again, so that's over. But my mom took things to heart.  While my mom knew I'd had hospitalizations in the past, this came as a huge, traumatic shock to her. She cried multiple times while visiting me. She begged me to stay more in touch with my family.  Now she invites me on family vacations all the time, wants to go to concerts and movies with me randomly, and all this stuff that just wasn't there before. While it's really great that she cares and I know I should appreciate it, it just feels weird and uncomfortable. I was never super close with my mom, and while I can see us building a relationship in theory, something makes me shut down a lot when I'm around her. I overshare in one huge dump of info 10% of the time, and then recede into my shell the other 90%.  I recently (3 months ago) moved back home after breaking off my engagement and I've literally spent 80% of my time staying over at my one friend's house versus being at home. My mom has seen me about 3 hours total in the last month. I know she's extremely worried. I just don't know what to do."
Today is my birthday. it is also the anniversary of when a search and rescue team gave up searching for my missing brother. Someone eventually found his body four months later. I hate my birthday because I only think about my parents' grief and how traumatic the experience has been for my family all day long. it is been eight years now. I wish I was never born I wish I did not exist
"I was finally diagnosed and started Adderall. Today was a good day. I'm 35 and have never been properly diagnosed until today. I've been misdiagnosed about three times and it feels so good to finally know exactly what the issue is and start taking care of it. I'm also extremely grateful and lucky to have found a physician who actually listened to me and didn't dismiss my symptoms.  My sleep schedule will probably off for a while and I just sat for two hours and created a bunch of new office documents for work that I've been putting off but hey, at least I know the meds are working.    Anyhoo, as recent subscriber to this sub I just wanted to share a part of my story and say hello. Hope everyone is having a good night. :)"
"Many of you can't see the forest for the sake of trees. Please allow me to preface this with the notion that for my own sake and the benefit of my life and career I absolutely cannot provide ANY firsthand evidence for what I'm saying. Take it with a grain of salt. I cannot argue the state of factual information. If you don't want to believe me, then whatever. I have no reason to lie to you.   Especially now with the killing of the Iranian general, so many people on this sub are just talking out of their asses about massively complex geopolitical issues that you just plain have no idea about. Just no clue. You have no education or experience in the matters and you want to run wild with whatever convoluted thing you can think of for how the US is somehow puppeteering God knows whatever is the flavor of the day. There are more things in play at all times that are considered on a global scale than you can even imagine. We have quantum computers that just attempt to help us understand how courses of action may change the winds in the sails of every global player. These types of things are not off the cuff. These are extremely calculated actions. Obama had numerous opportunities to kill this guy, and it probably would have been a good idea to do so. But it is likely the math didn't add up at the time, all things considered. And that's my point.   So many people here are EXTREMELY far from even ""many things considered"". Trump does not make the US's military decisions. Obama made a lot, but he did not make all of them. The CIA does not tell the military what to do. The FBI doesn't even talk to the military in an operational sense. The NSA advises the military and vice versa depending on the situation. So many of you are caught up in talking out of your ass on things you don't know about that you miss things that are right in front of you that are actually CLEAR. And this being a conspiracy sub I know you'd love to salivate over it.    Iran does not have a centralized bank. Take that for what it is.   HK is likely being attacked with biological warfare by the CCP as a means to stifle protests and allow the CCP a media boost by providing aid against their own false flag attack as well as furthering their grasp on HK politically and economically.    Russia is beating the US in warhead technology as of a few months ago.    The Australian wildfires are absolutely nothing that could not have already been handled. They are not close to the largest wildfires ever, they government refuses aid and expert opinion.    Trump did actually fuck up by withholding the aid from Ukraine, even though Biden's son was / is doing some extremely sketchy shit.    The CIA killed Tupac.   Russia killed JFK.   Jeffrey Epstein absolutely did not kill himself."
"Part of a prom rant I wrote last night cause hahanewhwhaha ""this is perfect cause while he wants his fingers in her pants my fingers are down my throat praying that this will fix my bloat even though I know it won't make even a dent in my weight unless I fast for a few days but here I am bowing over the toilet anyway"""
"The curious case of a 1:1 ""Catch-22"" situation with the EU harassment procedure! You are supposed to feel anxious if you are harassed, but if you show your anxiety, you are ""too sensitive"" and imagining the whole harassment https://www.linkedin.com/posts/konstantin-lozev-7254996_2006-anti-harassment-decision-activity-6656435110868508677-k_bn  My EU anti-harassment publication on a 1:1 ""Catch-22"" situation with the EU harassment procedure from yesterday gathered 1300 views in less than 24 hours. Please, go to my LinkedIn publication and:  - like - comment - share  Let's make it viral!  I offer a post-quarantine beer to anyone that solves the Catch-22 :)"
"Using poetry in ESL classroom (cross posted from poetry) Didn't get a response on the other sub, so thought I'd pick your brains:  Hi all!  I teach elementary school and thought I'd try to teach the ideas of syllables and rhyme through poetry. My major desire is to teach it through the traditional styles of other countries as a tie into the international flavor of my classroom. I found the article below (sorry, on mobile site so cannot imbed link in text) of some traditional styles from around the world but I was wondering if any of you could help add to this as some of these may be too difficult.  https://www.theyellowsparrow.com/traditional-forms-of-poetry/  Thank you for whatever help you can supply."
"Don’t know if I have Borderline Personality Disorder or Bipolar? Sorry if my this doesn’t come out properly, I feel sometimes as if I have so many Things to say, but I don’t know exactly what it is to say. This is mostly a venting.    When I was a kid, I was diagnosed with Depression. I’ve mostly felt depressed my entire life due to emotional, physical and sexual abuse growing up. I was always tired, fatigued, I could barely get up in the morning and do things as simple as brushing my hair, taking a shower, eating, etc.   After I got married, whenever my husband and I would get into arguments, I would feel so overwhelmed with emotions that I would scream and start to hit him, it literally felt like my mind was going to burst, and sometimes I would place my hands on my head to keep my thoughts from blowing up. But then when I would blow up, I would start screaming and hitting things without any discernible purpose.   We just thought I was just an overly emotional person, because we never assumed anything was wrong other than my depression. So we went through several years of that, until a few years ago, I had an emotional affair with someone that literally seemed it came out of NOWHERE. At that time We started going to a doctor for depression where he also diagnosed me with bipolar depression(?), and anxiety. and then prescribed me, vibryyd, then lamictol, trileptol, Zoloft, Gabpentin, (sorry for the spelling) and then finally Wellbutrin. (Not all at the same time just in a period of a year) I also went to a therapist who told me to pretty much divorce my husband and at that time I felt like that was the greatest thing to do, so I went through with it up until the paperwork, and then suddenly decided I didn’t want to go through with it. Around that time I also stopped my affair extremely abruptly; it felt like I literally woke up one day and didn’t want anything to do with that person and situation. Throughout all this time, I’ve had about 15 jobs, either quitting or being fired. I would be really happy for months, I would be excellent at my job, then suddenly I felt like doing nothing, I would lose complete interest and that showed in my quality of work. There was also a point where I drank heavily when I had the affair, to the point where I would be drunk everyday. That feeling to get drunk did go away just as quickly as the feeling to have the affair did as well.   Thankfully my husband and I got through it all, he forgave me and I’ve been extremely consistent with my medicine and trying to make things as easy as possible for my mental health.   My doctor at that time prescribed me Xanax for my anxiety with did not help AT ALL. It made me feel like hell. If I took it and didn’t fall asleep immediately after, my body and bones would feel like they were shaking, and my mind felt like everything was sped up even more. This caused me to jump in front of oncoming traffic to kill myself because the pain was just so bad. I wasn’t harmed thankfully, but I did get baker acted until I weaned my self off the Xanax, which was an incredibly low dose, if I remember correctly. I also put on 20 pound during this time which worsened my depression.   After all this, my doctor took me off Xanax, and lamictol, and just kept me on a new medicine, Wellbutrin CL (300mg) I felt GREAT. I suddenly had all the energy in the world, and was able to get up and do things! I did have some depressive days, but they went away fairly quickly. I was really happy, I thought I found the medicine for me! But it stopped working, I got more depressed and at the same time, I found myself getting More and more irritable, my emotions blew up again, I couldn’t have arguments without screaming in a rage and hitting myself or my husband, and my anxiety was getting worse to the point of being angry and irritated all the time.   Instead of going back to the doctor, we found a new one and he pretty much told me that my old doctor was just treating my depression while my bipolar disorder was not in check. So he decreased my Wellbutrin to 150mg and gave me back my lamictol and added 25mg of seroquel as a sleep aid.   I’m happy that this doctor is really trying to fix what the last doctor messed up, but my concern now is that, what if I just have Borderline personality disorder instead? Someone told me that those people have REALLY intense emotions, which is what I feel now, but I don’t want to diagnose myself, when the doctor already told me I have bipolar disorder. I just have a lot of distrust if that makes sense. Also this seroquel makes me so drowsy, I sleep 12+ hours and all day I feel this grogginess like a zombie almost and I’ve only been at 50 mg- 25mg. I feel calm and relaxed but it feels like my body is so slow. So I’m just worried that this medicine isn’t really for me and just another med that will make me lose my mind. I just don’t know what to feel or if I’m bipolar or just depressed and all this makes my head spin and Feel even more hopeless."
"Service Dog/Companion Dog A little background:   So, my brother was in the 101st Airborne in Afghanistan and came back with pretty severe PTSD. He's gotten some help and is mostly functional, but has anxiety attacks, insomnia, major depressive symptoms, and it is still really dangerous trying to wake him up (he can be violent).   Recently, he and his fiance adopted a dog from a rescue organization. The dog was supposed to be specifically for him and his PTSD, but his fiance didn't give him a say in which dog and didn't even get a dog that met the criteria for an emotional companion dog. She simply bulldozed and went ahead picked one that met her specific needs: a high energy dog she could run with and show off to her friends.   My brother is obviously hurt and resentful of her blatant selfishness. He is also having trouble connecting to--and not feeling more anxious around--this hyper and super anxious dog. They have a tiny one bedroom in the city, which makes it even worse.  My question is: Are there any organizations in Northern Virginia (Arlington area) that help Veterans train their dog to help them with PTSD?   I feel like it could become HIS dog if maybe someone came in and helped him train and connect with it. Obviously he and his fiance need to talk about what she did and how it's causing him to feel resentful and angry, but at least this might help him feel less so. He has started drinking more again and he's essentially told my Dad and brother that it's the stress of the situation.   Any suggestions are appreciated. I love my brother and want him to be happy and healthy."
"Question about my son Ok so my son was diagnosed with ADD and the doctor prescribed 5mg Ritalin once per day, my son is 7 amd weighs 54 pounds.  The first two days it was like he was on crack.  Super energy, really talkitive, but he was following directions like he never had before, he was able to stay on task longer and overall the concerns that brought us here were not as noticible.  Will the high energy from the stimulant subside as he gets used to the medicine?  We started him on a weekend so we could watch and not have the school charged with that task...could that be a difference also?   Thanks in advance"
"Has anyone heard of the Represent Us movement? Seems legit. I just found out about this grassroots campaign to push a Anti-corruption Bills at the state and local level in an attempt to push through federally, thus changing our voting system and actually attempting to eliminate corruption in congress.   [https://represent.us/](https://represent.us/)   I haven't seen a movement that could potentially work until this one.  Watch the video. There's one with Jennifer Lawrence and one with Michael Douglas, if you need someone more familiar to present it to you.  What do you think?"
"Addiction Survey Hi! I'm a student writing a paper on the psychology of addiction. In order to flesh out the paper, I created a short survey so that I can hear about people's experiences with addiction. It would be a great help if anyone answers it. You can find the survey [here.](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/B678M8R)  Thank you!"
I'm about to get on a plane In 4 hours I'm flying across the country to visit with my gf family for the weekend. In the last year I've been diagnosed with early on set arthritis in my left knee and Ive had sciatic pain on my right side recently. I'm So incredibly scared to sit in a tiny seat for the next 8 hours. It's currently 6am I've been up since 3am throwing up. This happens when my anxiety kicks in. It's been happening since I was a kid but only in the last couple years have I figured out the cause. Dr gave me a scrip for Xanax but I'm scared to take it. I call my anxiety Bob. Bobs a big ol bitch that's controlled my life for many years. Bob wins the fight a lot but this year I've been fighting back as much as I can. I'm getting on this plane and I'm going to have a fun weekend damn it. I'm not sure why I decided to post today but typing this out seems to be helping. Thanks to anyone reading this. Sorry if it doesn't read well.
"""All that glitters is not gold,"" Said the monkey having a piss in the moonlight."
"High-functioning denial. How do you ask for help? I've had depression since I was a teenager. It's a lot more under control now that I'm in my late 20's, but a few days a week it'll hit me again. I've seen counselors before. Latest one for about a year and a half. They've helped, but I get so mad at myself because I feel like I can't beat this. I feel like I am so fortunate to have the resources and support that I have, so it makes me feel more ashamed that I can't take advantage of those things and help myself.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm back in college after a long hiatus, and the depression has really been interfering. I have identified this pattern: A bad thought comes, triggering self-doubt and self-loathing. This can lead to suicidal thinking and isolating myself to a point where I become sort of paralyzed and I hate myself so much I don't want to tell anyone what's going on. I just want myself to suffer. I doubt my ability to even attempt, much less complete my schoolwork. Even simple assignments or filling out simple forms. So I end up delaying and procrastinating to avoid the fear that I won't do a good enough job. Then I end up missing the deadline, and then I skip class. I tell myself I'll catch up and turn it in at the next class session, but I almost never do.   &amp;#x200B;  So I feel embarrassed to go to that next class without the assignment completed, and I tell myself I'll do it by the next class. But then I feel so angry with myself for not doing it, and for being lazy and procrastinating and getting into this situation again. Then I try to work on it, but I'm not satisfied with my attempt, so I put it away, frustrated. This happens over and over again, and meanwhile, of course, I'm missing class and missing all the new assignments, and falling behind in one class affects my attitude about my other classes.  &amp;#x200B;  I know my situation is not that bad. Other people have it much worse. I feel so guilty and ashamed for struggling with this for so long. I've had to push my graduation back so many times, and my parents have been footing the bill. I know there are people who can't even afford to go to college, or they have to take out a loan for it. I'm lucky, and I'm wasting the opportunity I have because I can't get my act together.  &amp;#x200B;  I am trying and I have been trying, but I think one of the major things holding me back is my hesitation to ask for help. I am usually the person that other people go to for help and advice. I seem confident and I am a natural leader. People like me and feel comfortable around me, and I really genuinely care about others. I try to help people as often as I can, and it makes me feel good to be there for others, even if it's just to put my arm around their shoulder or just show them that I'm listening.  &amp;#x200B;  But for some reason, I don't allow myself that same comfort. It's almost like I stop myself from having that connection with others. I don't know how to let people comfort me. I feel ashamed and I feel like they will be mad at me and disappointed in me if they knew how much I'm struggling with something that it seems like everyone else is able to handle. I feel that way a lot with my mom and dad, like they are frustrated with me for not being over this after so long.  &amp;#x200B;  I am lucky to have several close friends. Even though they don't have depression or other mental health issues, they really care about me and want to help me. They are always willing to listen and support me, and if they're busy, they try to help as much as they can in whatever capacity they can. I just feel so ashamed for asking them for help. Every now and then, I distance myself from my friends, and I deny that anything is wrong.  &amp;#x200B;  Everyone around me sees a lot of potential in me. It feels very heavy. When I'm able to lift my head above water, I have so much energy and I am working on different projects and leading volunteer committees and trying to make a positive difference, and I feel good about myself. But the rest of the time, I feel like I will never be able to do what I really want to do because of this recurring depression.  &amp;#x200B;  Even with my classes. It's not hard. It's not impossible. And I do believe in a higher power. I believe that God can do anything and He can make things easy for people. But with that, I also believe that people have to trust Him and put in the effort to try to help themselves. Even then, the outcome might not always be what they expect, but at least they have tried.  &amp;#x200B;  Right now, I feel like I don't care about myself enough to really try. I feel like giving up. People expect so much from me, and I feel like -- without bragging or being pompous -- I could really do something good and beneficial if I were able to get through this and learn to lean on my friends for support.  &amp;#x200B;  I feel like because I'm able to hide it well and because I am generally confident and a leader, it doesn't seem like there really is a problem. I have frequent suicidal ideation, but my religious beliefs have always kept me from acting on them. As much as I hate reaching out for help, I still see value and purpose in my life, so I've been able to tell people when I reach that point. I've never been hospitalized, I don't drink or use drugs, I am not violent or angry, I don't physically harm myself.     So I feel embarrassed to talk about how depression is affecting me, because I know other people have it much worse. Most of the time I can act like I'm fine. I'm good at denying things to myself and to others. People look at me and they think I have it all together. I don't want to complain to anyone about my issues, because to me it looks like most of my problems stem from my own lack of ability to cope properly. I'm going to a therapist and we've talked about this over and over and over, so I feel that at this point, I really should be able to take steps to help myself.  &amp;#x200B;  Tl; dr:  I've been screwing up for so long. Things are getting better, but I just want to give up."
"Genetically modified cereals were designed with an ""off"" switch Hi all -   While talking about Round-Up Ready cereal crops, a friend brought up this theory. If a food company really wanted to ensure they had a lock on the available supply, they'd approach it from multiple angles. They'd heavily push their downstream buyers like bread producers to only use their product and get litigious anytime someone illegally used their seeds (to push legal adoption, because contamination is next to impossible to defend against). They'd also design a way to artificially manipulate supply - a genetic ""off"" switch that could be thrown either to raise prices or to sell a ""cure."" This switch could be activated by anything from temperature fluctuation (only sell heat-sensitive seed in years where high temperatures are expected), to moisture (same), to a common chemical fertilizer.   His point ultimately was - controlling the supply of food has been a staple of governments from Egypt on up. It's the single most important job in the global economy, with the power to crush nations. Shouldn't we be taking a closer look at our big food producers?"
"Need some advice/help, or just people who can relate Soo, a little background story. I'm a 24 year old man(boy) from germany and I've been smoking weed since I was 17. Started of weekly, but at 19 developed in a daily habit. Mostly nights only, but burning through a gram a night most days.. during this time I've had long periods of inactivity, depression and anxiety. At first I didn't really aknowledge these mental issues. But after friends and family started telling me I had to get help, I knew something was wrong.   I dropped out of college at 21, and since then I just have no clue what to do with my life. I've had a couple girlfriends, but the relationships never lasted longer then +-6 months.. probably because my inability to feel and give love. Weed made me so paranoid and reclusive, it's crazy. I used to be quite social, outgoing etc.. now I'm a turned into a shell of that. Lost most of my friends and live at home with parents.  In the last two months I've found a full time job, which helps a little. At work I function okay at best. I just feel so dissociative about everything, like I've lost a piece of myself from smoking all that weed. Now I'm not even sure anymore if it's because of the weed, because I've quit 2 months ago with 1 slip up.   Man I just have this feeling of dread throughout the day, dark thoughts pop in my mind, my self esteem is extremely low, even though I'm quite good looking and fit as well. I just hope it gets better soon. I'm tired everyday and the loneliness is killing me. But on the other hand I don't feel like going out and meeting new people, because I think I've got nothing to tell (probably because of the low confidence and zero self worth).  I'm just excisting, not living. Anhedonia is a bitch and I want to get better.  Sorry for the long post and bad English, It isn't my first language..   Hope some of you can relate and tell me if it got better for you after abstaining for like half a year or longer? I'm also on some anxiety/depression meds called moclobemide, which helps a little with the motivation and social anxiety part. I just have this dreading feeling I fucked up my brain for good..  Thanks for reading!"
"Future small business owner that wants advice. I’m currently a first year teacher of a middle school, making 48k, and my wife is making 20k a year.  I plan to stay in the profession for the next four years or so, but intend to open up my own child care center with my wife, mother and sister. My mother has had 15 years of owning her home daycare, and is quite known in our city as a great place for child care, so making great business on a large scale will be very easy with our last names branding. My wife and I are paying off our home, We owe 190k on the house. We would like to open up our Child care center at that four year mark of teaching that I mentioned earlier. My question is, if my only debt is our mortgage, and we have enough savings aside for a year of bills, Is it fine if we take 40k of savings to open up this business, or should I just give up this pipe dream of being a small business owner and stick to being a middle school teacher?"
"I've had enough I'm a 13 year old boy with 3 suicide attempts and a self harm problem withou anyone knowing only my friends dad cuz thats the only person i trust I've never ever had support no one ever sayd to me i love you i care about you my parents took away everything i had everything that mildly made me happy skateboarding,pc building,gaming,snowboarding and it just keeps getting worse and this is the last thing that i am ever going to write I've had a suicide journal where i note every feeling and there is not 1 page that says i was happy and I've had enough I'll give life 1 more week or even more who knows maybe even less all i can guarantee is that I'll be her for more than 3 days see you in the afterlife"
"Can't stop thinking about death, and its giving me depression So, bit of backstory, I'm 21 years old, and I've had a series of health problems over the last few years, and was recently told I probably have a brain tumor, which not unsuprisingly, got me thinking a lot about death. Everything turned out okay and I'm on the road to recovery, but I'm finding it hard to go back to living a normal, happy life.  I can't stop thinking about death, and my brain keeps saying to itself ""What's the point in living now when it's only going to end?"".  I just find it hard to come to terms with, there's probably no heaven, no hell, no afterlife, we just stop existing forever. I don't think I'll ever be ready to have my entire conciousness fizzle out, for everything I've ever known, ever been, or ever could be to become meaningless.  What do I do?"
"Currently having an anxiety attack. Any suggestions? I’m currently having an anxiety attack and I can’t seem to calm down. I’ve been breathing in for 5, holding for 5, and exhaling for 5 but it isn’t helping. I can’t stop shaking really bad and I feel really hot."
Ball in throat feeling? Does anyone else get this? I’m almost sure it’s due to anxiety because it often times happens when at work or when doing something stressful. If so does anyone have any tips on getting it under control? When I sit down and close my eyes it usually goes away
"Extremely suicidal but I don't want to do anything stupid I'm not going to do anything stupid because I can't afford to go back to the hospital. I just can't stand feeling so shitty. When I get upset it physically hurts me. My chest hurts. I can't eat or do anything productive. I'm a fucking mess. Does it get this intense for anyone? I'm scared because this is how my major depressive episodes usually start and I just got out of one. It never fucking ends I take 1 step forward and like 13 steps back. I'm not asking for advice just somewhere to rant since no ones seems to care or understand irl. I'm having the urge to cut myself or get really fucked up on some hard shit, I don't want to do either because I know I'll regret it."
"Suffering from post exertion migraines It's been about 5 years since I actually weightlifted. I tend to watch my calorie intake and do BASIC cardio. Due to my migraines after anything intense related, what are some workouts I can ease my way into?  5'9""  170lbs"
"Between Linux and Xiaomi, I smell a conspiracy being cooked As much as I'd like to avoid my tinfoil hat as possible, this one has been bugging me for a while.  About nine months ago, [Linus Torvalds, the project leader of Linux is gifted a Xiaomi Air laptop by the Xiaomi company](https://twitter.com/linux_deepin/status/877061333631369216). Now, nothing wrong in this little gesture of gratitude per se (heck, Gates, Zuckerburg, et all. are raking billions!). But the problem here is that they have a conflict of interest.  [Xiaomi has been violating GPL v2](https://np.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/87q5ky/after_a_sixteen_month_long_wait_xiaomi_finally/) by not contributing Linux kernel sources back to the community since a long time now. And considering that, these little gestures are making me uncomfortable. Is it the case that OEMs like Xiaomi are trying to corrupt the Kernel developers by offering gifts, etc., so they can just look away while the OEMs continue with their GPL violations? Is it possible, what does /r/conspiracy think?"
tips on dating with bipolar disorder? i’ve recently met a new guy who is incredibly sweet. i have always struggled with not being able to commit to relationships due to my episodes. i often start dating when im manic and then lose complete interest afterwards. other times i might not even be manic but wake up one day and feel like i don’t even know the person i’m dating. i guess i’m just wondering how yall deal with dating and if you have any advice! i really don’t wanna mess this up.
"Lil Audrey was sitting on the porch with her brother. She turned to him and said ""Look! There's a quarter in the street!""   Her brother jumped up and ran into the street to get the money and was promptly squashed by a truck.    Lil Audrey just laughed and laughed, because she knew it was only a nickel."
"I'm not depressed. I just don't care about my life. If I wanted to, I could instantly turn my life around tomorrow. I could set a schedule, excel at my work, go to the gym, call up my friends to hang out, and make time for my hobbies. I know I can do it because I did it last year for a whole three months. I just flipped a switch and decided to lead a healthy life, and it worked. I even found myself happily dating someone I liked.  Then I decided I wasn't actually happy. I turned the switch off, and now I'm right back to how I was before. I'm a slob, I go days without showering, let alone working out. I get no work done, and it's a miracle I'm still employed. I just don't care.  I'm not manic or bipolar. I'd realize if I were, because I'd notice the difference in my mental states when I'm switched off. The switch I turn on is simply a mental decision to not be lazy and to pretend to want a better life. The happiness I feel while dating is a combination of emotional, sexual, and personal validation. I enjoy the attention, and I like feeling important. I'm a narcissist. In fact, I stopped dating that person because it was unfair to keep pursuing the relationship when I doubted I'd ever be able to love them the way they were beginning to love me.  If there's anything wrong with me, it's that I'm sociopathic. I only briefly mourn the passing of family or friends. I find the idea of their deaths more saddening than the deaths themselves. The first time I went to a funeral - which was for a close friend's parent - I simply observed the proceedings in an attempt to better understand the custom. If my parents were to pass away it would be a relief because I wouldn't have to worry about their being traumatized were I to take my own life.   And of course, I don't care about any of you. I just want to look good. Although I'm a bad writer, I'm doing my best to give you the impression that I understand myself and my problems, and that I'm a good person.  That's the irony of it all. My desire to be perfect allows me to develop a sense of ethics, and it allows me to genuinely wish for you to overcome your struggles, but it's not because I care. It's because it's the right thing to do. I can be interested in dating as long as I'm on the chase because it feels like an accomplishment, and I can flip a switch to act like a successful person because that is one common measure of living life the right way.  But I'd be fine with throwing that all away. I'd be fine with throwing my life away too. Honestly, it's tiring having to live each day. It's just more tiring to figure out a way to kill myself that won't cause trouble for the people around me. Everyday I pray to be diagnosed with a terminal disease that will allow me to wrap my life up within a year while giving closure to my friends and family. But for now I just live my life from day to day.  So really, I shouldn't be here. I'm not sad. Just immensely bored. All I'm doing is taunting all of you who have to deal with real illness. Because if you react to this it'll make my day.  I'm not saying all this to bait you. I'm not trying to have my ""depression"" validated or diagnosed. All I want to know is whether there's anyone like me. Anyone who observes symptoms of depression in themselves, but knows that 95% of it comes from just not caring about life. (If you have any doubts regarding this you should assume you are indeed depressed, or else you may be downplaying a serious problem.)  So then what's the 5% I care about? Well, I misled you on one point. There's one thing - coincidentally related to my narcissicm - that I desperately long for, that I even now continue living for, just in case I may one day find myself with the energy and resources to execute. I want to publish a graphic novel. The kind that changes people's lives. And I want you to read it. And I want you to praise me. And I dearly hope that maybe it brightens your day for a moment."
"Anyone want to talk? Just looking for some conversation, and possibly try to make some new friends"
"Kriss Vector pistol Brace Does anyone know if I were to buy a Kriss Vector pistol, would I be able to remove the sling swivel that comes on it and replace it with a stabalization brace?"
"Always thinking worst case scenarios.. Anyone else do this?  Every time I see a story about a lack of hospital beds or equipment, I envision my sweet, loving, 60 year old parents in that position.   I picture them deathly ill with no help to be found.      They're only 60.  I *need* them in my life another 20+ years.  I'm terrified I'm going to lose them to this virus.  I'm terrified my husband or myself will be one of the rare cases where someone around age 30 gets very ill or dies.  I cant stop thinking these things.     I convinced them to begin self quarantining over a week ago.  They thought it was a little extreme at first but agreed to it.  With all that has changed in the past few days I think they see the importance more.  But if this virus spreads for another year, theres no way they will self quarantine that long.   Ugh"
"Reddit made my son 15 minutes late to school, again Wait, that's not quite right --   *My relationship with Reddit* made my son 15 minutes late to school, again.   Hmm. Still not quite the full story --   *Because of my ADHD*, my relationship with Reddit made my son 15 minutes late to school, again."
"Finding time for physical health Lately I've been struggling to find the time to take care of myself.  The wife and I recently became parents to a pair of boys aged 2 and 3. Which is a story for another time. were young, under 30.   I recently have gotten back into training martial arts (BJJ) after a year+ break for other reasons. However, with the boys now, im finding it nearly impossible to make the classes. Havnt been in over a month again, and its a bit depressing loosing that reignited spark of passion  The classes i normally would of attended are at 12pm or 8pm during the week, depending on my work schedule (work in restaurant) however even if the work schedule permits i have the kids to watch during the day until i take them to daycare at which point my wife picks them up when she is off at dinner time.   Once maybe twice a week i am able to have my work schedule line up for me to make an 8pm class which are the best ones because of higher attendance and a waaay better instructor. However my wife has a hard time even pre kids understanding why i don't want to come straight home the only days i get off early.(that part has historically always been an issue and set me back from doing something i so much enjoy).  The gym has a child area for kids who are a bit older maybe 5+ I would guess not that their are any hard rules on age just my guess based on what i see there in terms of safe environment etc. So i don't think bringing the boys during lunch class would be viable at this point, maybe a year or 2 from now. Unless anyone has any suggestions how to make it work.   I think the challenge is not just in finding the time but also having my wife see the value in me taking personal time when trying to bond and attach with our new family. which is very important to me as well, but i feel doing this for myself will help me give them the best version of me. It doesn't help that the wife doesn't have any hobbies or interests of her own and most her friends have moved away recently, so trading off on ""personal"" time doesn't even work as an option.  Anyways reddit hit me with your suggestions. and sorry for formatting i am on mobile.  Tl;dr  Need to find time to be able to attend martial arts classes and have the wife be okay with me taking ""personal"" time 1-3 hrs a week. This is for my physical and mental health folks."
"An update I suppose I’m not better. I’ve tried talking to people about what’s going on, but it’s not helping. Called my girl for the first time in god knows how long. But she just doesn’t get it. I’m not mad at her for it. But it’s so fucking hard to keep going at this point. It’s definitely gotten worse since my last post here. I’ve fucked up my left hand. Can’t do my job anymore, even after I was turned into a goddamn desk jockey. And this goddamn loneliness that surrounds me is suffocating. My platoon is gone, and I’m all alone because I can’t fight. My guys are gone and that’s all I want. It’s hard to look at myself in the mirror and tell myself I’m a soldier when I can take the cap off my toothpaste in the morning. My mind is fucked at this point. I’m chewing pills just to get to sleep. I don’t even know if I want to go back home at this point. I keep thinking it out, seeing how things would go, and I always come back to seeing myself lash out at everyone because no one gets what I’m going through here. I’m gonna fucking blow up on my family and friends and I just fucking know it. If I try and get professional help it’s just gonna fuck up everything here even more. I’m gonna be shunned, looked at as the weak link. All I wanna be is with my goddamn platoon, not laying in bed at night alone. I walk past all the rooms in my tent. Look at the empty beds. Wishing they could come back or I could just leave. I’ve been to a psychiatric hospital before and I’m not fucking doing it again. Once I was out everyone looked at me different. I’ve pretty much started over and I’m not going through that hell again on top of everything here. But that’s my dilemma. For the first time in a very long time, I’ve genuinely thought about dying. Wondering how it would go, what would happen. Sometimes I feel like dying just so I could stop feeling this way would be best. It’s almost intoxicating. Everything in life always goes wrong. I don’t know what to do anymore. The only thing I want, I can’t have. I’m tired of being alone."
How do you guys deal with suicidal thoughts? The only reason I'm still alive is because I love my mom and I couldn't make her go through such emotional hell as losing a child to suicide is.
"Alone Time? I am dating someone with Aspergers and ADHD. He is extroverted and likes people, but I was wondering if it is important for him to have alone time to avoid becoming irritable?"
"Please, I'm desperate Please help me. I have run out of positive thoughts, run out of strategies. It feels like I am hitting a wall, and I am scared.  I am about to be a new college grad. I have applied to well over 50 jobs - have not heard a single thing from a single place besides deny, deny, deny. I feel useless, as a human being. I feel valueless. If I don't have a contribution to society, what is the point.  I am fat. In my mind, I weigh 3,000 lbs. In reality, about 140. I want to make myself sick. I am desperate to lose weight, but my only comfort is in food. It is the only way out. I can't exercise because a voice inside my head reminds me that everyone is looking at me, judging me, laughing at me because I am a whale and I look stupid running or going to the gym.  I have no friends. No real friends. Sure, I have the superficial friends and all, but no one would miss me. My mom was my best friend, but she is losing her mind, literally, I think my emotionally abusive dad is pushing the sanity right out of her.   I need help please. Just send a positive vibe my way, or keep me in a prayer, or whatever, but I think my rope is wearing thin."
"Why I can't do it? My parents treat me like shit, they don't support me in anything and when I do something wrong they say that I'm a stupid fuck, I can't do nothing right blah blah blah. In school I don't talk much with other people, I have one friend or two but I don't talk much with them. My grades are worse than awful and my classmates treat me like a freak. I have this suicidal thoughts for almost 1 year and a half, tried to kill myself 3 times in that period of time but when I was going to jump out of the window I just can not do it.  A part of me wants to die, but the other part wants to live. Am I physically and mentally weak for killing myself or there's something else?  I know that my situation wont get anymore better, it will get worse and worse every time. I know that this is a subreddit for preventing suicide and try to help other peoples but I think that if you really want to help me, help me to find a way to gain that mental and physical force to commit suicide. Love you all &lt;3"
Reaching a point where happiness feels strange. Anyone else reach a point of depression where when you get a boost of genuine happiness it feels strange? For me it feels like my depression is dragging me back down to reality telling me I shouldn’t feel that and all the time I just let it happen because I actually don’t like feeling happy it feels strange and makes me uncomfortable.
"Looks like I’m getting divorced. Any tips.... o here’s my story. Sorry if it’s long.  I’ve been with the same girl for the last 11 years and married for the last 4. I’m going to be 30 in September.  Last July (1 year ago) she told me didn’t know if this was the life she wanted (as well as a whole bunch of other stuff) and she moved out to work on things. I found out she went through a lot of shit when she was younger, some stuff she never told anyone until that day.  Every couple of months I’d ask her at point blank range “where are we” and she’d typically respond “I’m feeling better but I haven’t really worked on us”.  After awhile I started to pull away. I was sick of her blowing me off at the last minute. We have a house, 1 cat and a dog(a Malinois). So while she was off going on overnight trips and drinking I was taking care of everyone and everything.  Last week during my “chat” with her it turns out she decided a few weeks ago with her therapist that she wants a divorce. Didn’t even call me in to 1 session to try and work on things.  I was expecting the divorce. I was hoping for something else but I’m a realist. She’s gonna get a huge slap of reality as I make 3x her salary and paid a bunch of stuff for her. I guess she’ll learn the hard way. She’s been living with her aunt the past year.  Apparently she’s felt this way most of our time together. That’s what gets to me the most.  Anyways, I’m writing to all you here for some help. Any help. I don’t trust people anymore so a relationship is outta the question. I never really slept around with people much (she was my second partner). I’m in pretty good shape and think I’m a decently attractive guy.  Any tips for dealing and processing this divorce is greatly appreciated. Any tips on the dating apps out there is appreciated. I have no idea what’s out there currently. Any tips on how one night stands work is also appreciated. I’ve always been able to get women interested in me when I go out but I never had the intention of sleeping with them...it was just fun.  Anyways...  Any tips to help me through this period? I appreciate anything anyone has to offer."
How to kill yourself painlessly And dont tell to me that you care about me Dont lie to me
"3 day hardcore Ok, guys, I'm going for plunge and will get trolled on this.  This routine is from [bodybuilding.com](https://bodybuilding.com)  [https://www.muscleandstrength.com/workouts/3day-hardcore-program.html](https://www.muscleandstrength.com/workouts/3day-hardcore-program.html)  &amp;#x200B;  I'm 6ft 7in tall about 200cm  I weigh about 15.3 stone about 97kg  I've been on BLS 5 day plan during the summer which was great.  &amp;#x200B;  But  I now work a busy week with no time for the gym apart from Friday to Sunday.  &amp;#x200B;  Here's a shot of my overall work plan \[the plan\]([https://i.imgur.com/XES9OoF.png](https://i.imgur.com/XES9OoF.png))  Here's is \[friday\]([https://i.imgur.com/nrhWbPP.png](https://i.imgur.com/nrhWbPP.png))  Here is \[Saturday\]([https://i.imgur.com/DV5qh1D.png](https://i.imgur.com/DV5qh1D.png))  Here is \[Sunday\]([https://i.imgur.com/EQJu0SE.png](https://i.imgur.com/EQJu0SE.png))  &amp;#x200B;  Oh, and stupid high reps are to failure.  &amp;#x200B;  And here is the routine if I get time to add onto other days or if I find myself with the 4th day free. \[bonus time\]([https://i.imgur.com/uFy2qAa.png](https://i.imgur.com/uFy2qAa.png))  &amp;#x200B;  Can you guys give me some pointers as I'm trying to pack on some decent looking muscle and want to utilise my time more effectively?  &amp;#x200B;  I'm benching ( not Inc bar) 57.5 kg  Deadlift (not Inc bar) 80kg  &amp;#x200B;  As I'm very tall with a little belly fat to get rid of its difficult to get the look.  &amp;#x200B;  Many thanks my hombres in advance"
"Anyone else very attached to their mom? I’m (21F) and INCREDIBLY attached to my mom. If she were to die I honestly would kill myself, that is not an exaggeration sadly. Shes my best friend and I cant imagine life, or even a single day, without talking to her. I dont even want to move out because I want to be home with not just her but with my entire family. She does not enable this behavior and wants to help me get over this since she knows she wont always be able to be there for me. Does anyone else feel this way or does anyone have any advice for me to get over my unhealthy dependancy on my mom?"
"My ten years sober and what got me there.  I’m an addict. I’ve known I was going to be one ever since I was a kid. There was nothing romantic about the idea. I knew from the first time someone explained what it was that my future would be filled with whatever that addiction would bring.  I started drinking at the age of twelve. Smoking at thirteen. Pot and inhalants at about 15. All the while taking and abusing meds for ADD and depression. I’ve hurt people and broken relationships past the point of repair. I’ve set my life back countless years by giving in to my addiction. And I did all of this before I was 22.   22 was the age when my soon to be wife looked at me with a worried pity fear at the man that had already finished 750s and god knows what else lying fulling clothed in the shower at 10am. She didn’t say anything. It was up to me to say it out loud and admit that I’m an addict and that I wanted to to quit.  And that’s where it started.  I am ten years sober this year and it began with actually wanting to quit. Over the years since I developed guidelines that have worked for me so far. If they help someone outside of myself good if these just sound like more self help aphorisms that are blatantly obvious then you are smarter than me and don’t need them. I did and still do need them.  1. You have to want to quit. All the self-help books and all the support groups in the world are not going to help you if you don’t actually want to quit.  2. Find a reason to quit. Any reason outside of yourself that can make you accountable.   3. Redirect the the urge to something good.  As an addict I have the new superhuman ability to pour all of myself into something it gives me joy. Replacing the bad behaviors with something beneficial can help help while keeping you busy.  4. Never get bored. I’m a machine of habit when I get bored I get back into whatever habit that’s easiest for me.   5. If need be, remove the people and things that allow you to continue the addiction.  This one sucks. It sucks because you’re losing part of your support structure of the people around you, but when the people around you aren’t helping you then you need to think about what you really need to do and sometimes that means cutting people out.  6. Find anything that works for you. What works for you may not help someone else. What works for me might seem alien and totally unreasonable to somebody else but as long as it keeps me clean then that’s what I need to do.   That’s my list. Again these may be things you’ve heard before. These may be things that you’ve thought of yourself and  didn’t quite work,but this is what has worked for me. Something that some non-addicts don’t seem to get is that you can never stop quitting and that you will always be thinking about going back. One day if you’re lucky you might be able to look back at 10 years of being clean and remember that last time and what it took to stop. You won’t feel that amazing bliss or mindless joy but you’ll feel real contented happiness at the person you are and how much better things are for you in that day."
"Tooth Fairy inflation rate? Just curious, what price does the tooth fairy pay these days for kids' teeth?  When I was a kid in the 80s it was a dollar or so.  Going by inflation index that's about $3-4 these days.   My 6yo just got a crisp $5er because the tooth fairy knows he got an academic award at school this year.   Also that buys 1 packet of pokemon cards, highly desirable.  Is this unreasonable, and should the tooth fairy be sent to economics class?"
"A letter from an anxious girl to women suffering from relationship anxiety. Eventually you'll know, and it will be a lesson or a blessing. You don't know what you're going to learn from it yet, but i'm sure you will. Untill then, keep on being the loving and caring woman you've always been, and trust me I know it's hard after all the heart-breaks and tears, but you'll get there. If he ever breaks your heart it's absolutely okay, you've always been a strong woman and you can sure as hell get over it. Keep in mind that you can't live your life being worried about what would happen all the time. Know that if he ever deceive you it's not your fault, so stop blaming yourself on everything. Finally, learn that if you ever want to love someone you need to love yourself first."
No one ever asks me to hang out Simple as that. My life is restrained to social media and I always have to initiate hanging out with anyone.   Makes me feel like fucking shit it does.
"Hi all, Suffer from anxiety have a slight problem no idea what to do Hi all  I have 2 fillings in my canines And they just fell out, Not painful but quite a bit of a suprise, I keep my teeth in good health but the problem is my anxiety is off the scales, i can usually deal with my anxiety by breathing and what not.  Now im stuck on what to do, Like I cannot keep calm, im scared to death of dentists and now my anxiety is just off the scales  What should I do because i cant exactly keep calm rn..."
"Unbearable heartbreak I've been suffering from severe depression after the collapse of a relationship 18 months ago. Since then, I've tried to kill myself twice and I am considering a third attempt. I cannot deal with the constant pain of being without her. Seeing her in college out with her friends and my friends telling me they saw her on tinder is killing me. I cannot escape her even when I sleep. Being haunted by the girl you believed you would be with forever is excruciating. Seeing how happy and outgoing she is when you're so hurt, broken and bed-bound has pushed me beyond my limit. My counsellor told me he has never seen a case of heartbreak so bad. I really believe that ending it all is the only way to overcome this as life has become too painful to live."
"Where to learn conversation skills, being witty etc? Is there any other forums where we can learn convo skills or tips and such, my social anxiety has really delayed my progress for learning how to deal with people, and socialize etc."
"Mood Swings One minute I’m happy the next I’m angry the next I’m sad for absolutely no reason. I guess I’m bipolar but I don’t know that for sure and I don’t want to go on medication, but the suicidal episodes in emotion like the one I experienced today are horrible. I’m also hopelessly an addict but smart enough so that nobody around me knows, so I suffer in silence. I need help but I don’t know what to do. I feel like I should just leave this world so I don’t burden people with my anger and what they could figure out about me. I have loving and supportive family but I just can’t seem to do anything. I don’t know how I’m still alive or how I havent attempted anything yet."
"Finally decided to introduce my girlfriend to my family for New Years, but they just would not get along. My wife can be such a b!tch during the holidays."
"i need some help hi, i hope this post fits in the rules, sorry if not.(and also sorry if my english is incorrect, english is not my native language). So i need some help. I'm a 14 autistic person and I'm getting into my first relationship. although I'm really excited about it, I'm also terrified to ruin everything. I have no idea how to act in a relationship, and I'm really scared to even hold hands or stuff like that... do you guys have advices ? I really don't want to disappoint him or make it seem like I'm not into it or something... thanks in advance !"
"Imagine being 15 and craving for death. My life has been pretty shitty, in all honesty. From my 28-year-old brother beating me, to the only person I had (my girlfriend) leaving me for someone over the fucking internet, to also being covered in bruises from the amounts of pain I go through from over peers in my year, I just hate it.  And if you add this up with the stress and anxiety of school, you pretty much get me. Again, I'm only 15.  I don't know if life is even worth it. I'll be stuck in a job, told what to do by the rich, struggling to even keep shelter over my head. I'll be struggling still to ask for a bus ticket, without everyone on the bus staring at my abominable face. I'll still be struggling to get any friends, knowing that they'll be like the rest, to leave me for someone else or because I'm ""too depressing"". Truth is, I hate life. I hate society. I hate myself, and I just don't know how to cope anymore, because all my parents do is say ""Oh, you'll be fine. Stop overreacting.""  Sorry if this was hard to read or if it was cringy or anything, I just really needed to vent."
"I feel so alone. Right now, I could be sleeping, but instead I'm crying. I miss how everything used to be. I used to have people talk to me all the time. Now, everyone's gone. On a previous post I made a couple of hours ago, my best friend hasn't been talking to me the past weeks. I got on messenger to see if she was online but she still hasn't been on. I noticed that my other best friend (ex best friend?) was online. I miss talking to her too. She hasn't replied  to my messages since the beginning of February. She hasn't even read them. On Facebook, there's a girl who tags her on everything and calls her best friend. She even comments and likes on them. It hurts me so much because she has been my friend for a long time. I don't know what I did wrong. I also miss talking to a guy I have a crush on. He has been busy at work, but I just miss him. I can't help but look at the texts and selfies he sent me and cry. I want to be happy for him but it's hard. Just a rant... Going to cry myself to sleep.."
Can anyone with autism relate? For a long time I’ve felt that there’s like actually something wrong with me. When I started to become more introspective because of anxiety I thought maybe I was a psychopath or sociopath because of the abnormal way I feel. Looking back into my past I’m aware that I was an extremely troubled kid. I got expelled from my preschool. Sometimes I would get upset and completely shut down. The teacher would try so hard to get me to talk or acknowledge her presence but I didn’t have the will to get past my stubbornness.  I remember having to go to the school counselor too and I would shut down there too because I thought it was embarrassing that she would pull me out of class. I remember I would annoy people like my cousin’s friends that I just met with certain topic. Especially in middle school I was obsessed with ethnicity and race because I grew up with a mixed/unclear identity and sometimes people would tell me that I talk about that topic too much. I also repeat songs over and over or listen to the same song all day sometimes. I also have OCD but that might coexist with potential ASD. Also I would sometimes walk on my tip toes as a kid until my uncle and my cousins called me out on it. I always wiggle my leg or my toes or I bite my fingers sometimes or I tap to songs like a crackhead. When I was a little younger I was flapping my hands around like crazy because I was trying to be funny for my sisters friend but my sister told me to stop because it was likely giving her friend anxiety. Hahaha well anyways I’m just wondering if any of you guys who have autism can relate and or give me advice. I’d say that I’m an extroverted and kind of clingy person and I’ve grown accustomed to making eye contact and stuff. I would even go as far to say that I’m kind of a dominant person in a social context. I still feel odd though.
"Being alive is torture and it doesn’t make sense. Why do I want to not exist so bad, but my body won’t let me follow through with it? I hate having to wake up, get ready, work, eat, and sleep, over and over again. Its so fucking repetitive. And it’s like this for the rest of my life. Humans are awful, society is a scam, and everybody thinks that things are just fine. I can’t stand being conscious but my body just wont let me end it. I’m living through hell and I can’t do anything about it."
"Summer rant in the winter It's not summer right now which means i have the willpower to exist enough to make this post about why summer defies the laws of physics by somehow blowing and sucking at the same time. The sun burns your skin and makes the great outdoors look like a bleached mess. A goddamn white desktop background with the brightness turned all the way up is more scenic than the yellowwashed misery canvas that is the outdoors in the summer. Not only that, but while I and every other person afflicted with summer SAD experiences the looming feeling of the universe shoving it's sundried cock up your ass for 3 months straight other people are capable of actually enjoying this period, meanwhile you're getting fried on the asphalt pondering how you were stupid enough to forget to put on sunscreen this morning. Couple that with the fact that i'm too poor for air conditioning and the entire season basically renders me incapable of accomplishing anything with life. During every summer that i can even remember my existence was never even slightly in danger of being justified, just like my sheets were never in danger of not being covered in 50gigaliters of sweat. Just a profoundly dull and numbing time of the year that takes up a whole quarter of it. Fucking miserable."
Technology in teaching Can anyone show me what skills/techniques for teaching reading skill with technology?
"Im only getting worse at everything I do. Three years ago, I wrote my first novel, and in the time since, everything has fallen apart.   Practice is a process of continual improvement, right? so why then are my characters more vacuous? why are my interactions less organic? why do my jokes fall flatter, and my sentences come out more brain-dead?  Ive heard people suggest its my medications, but my meds and dosages haven't changed! ive heard others say to stop comparing myself to others, but im comparing myself to myself! Is my story less important to me? No, im writing the most personal thing Ive ever written. And then people tell me to take a break and I want to hammer them in the face, again and again until first their teeth break away and then their bones. Stopping isn't the answer! Stopping is the exact opposite of what I want! The only thing worse than writing badly is not writing at all!  Im 26 now, ill be 27 in two weeks. most of the authors Ive looked up to had their big breaks when they were 25, the latest was at 30. im nowhere near where they were. I might have been at one point but im not now, and things are only going to get worse with time. With that in mind, ive made a vow to myself last night. 30 is how long I'll hold on. if I haven't succeeded by then, that's the time to end it. I have no intention or desire to give someone else a say in that. All I need is the strength to beat that time limit into the dirt, again and again until my knuckles are split open and ragged and bits of its brains splatter the floor"
"I was born in one of the most isolated places in my country, and its finally gotten to me. I live in the South West of Scotland. I've heard many call it ""Scotland's Arsehole"" and that can be taken quite literally because we're close to the border of England. I have friends, and a girlfriend, its not as if I have no one but, they dont live here. Can't say I blame them. It means I have to travel quite far to see any of them tho, so besides my girlfriend who I drive 107 miles to see every couple of weeks or so, I get to see them maximum 3 or 4 times a year. They all have friends in their immediate vicinity though, they get to go to eachothers homes and hang out and be happy. I on the other hand have no one near by to hang out with, and it's finally gotten to me. I have no friends i can just hang with and be dumb with near by, its good I have people on FB messenger but I want people to be actually physically with me, but I can't have that.   It doesn't help that I still live with my mum and dad, who are so violently opposed to living in normal fucking civilization they pick the most barren, abandoned places to live every time we move. I live in a fucking forest right now. I have to rely on my car to go literally anywhere from here and that doesn't do anything to make me feel any less isolated.  I just want to move out and be closer to my friends, but my family demand I dont even move out the house at all. Probably to take care of my aging parents. As much as i love my mum and dad, i cant do that. I'm so tired of not being near people who care about me, volunteering in workplaces to get ""experience"" because no bastarding workplace will hire me so I cant even save money for a fucking deposit for a place to rent. I feel totally fucking screwed and I just want to get out of this place and hang out with people for real, in real life. I just feel so, so isolated."
"Why is it, I can’t find joy in what I love anymore? I’ve never posted before, it’s hard to know where to start. For several weeks now I’ve been finding it harder and harder to find pleasure or joy in anything . And I don’t know what to do.  Lately I’ve been coming home from work and all I want to do is just lay there."
"My job isn't taking this seriously. I'm a physician medical coder. Since Monday we have asked if we can work from home. Our job is 100% done on the computer, through a virtual network. My boss laughed when my coworker said she was given the message to tell her we want to work from home. Boss said, ""Well good luck with that!""  They sent out an email yesterday saying anyone who had the ""ability"" to work from home would have to do so starting Monday. It was signed with our immediate boss's name, her supervisor, and a few others.  Our immediate boss emailed us, didn't even come out of her office to talk to us about it, saying that this only applied to departments where they already had the ability to work remotely - - not us. She didn't even apologize, just said to wash our hands and wipe down our desks. She said we would be ordering disinfecting wipes as if that would solve all of our problems.  One lady came back from a cruise on Tuesday. She apparently ""didn't know"" she was supposed to self-isolate. Now she's gone for two weeks. Lot of good that does now. Another coworker just got back from Miami today.  I called out today because this whole situation has made me a nervous wreck. I can't sleep, I can't eat, and I've been nauseated. I'm not sure what to do at this point. Is there anything I can do? My boss just got back on Monday from a bike event in a decent-sized city in our state (that was apparently canceled yet these idiots decided to gather anyway) so I'm kind of afraid to even go in her office to tell her how I feel.  I have mild asthma. My mom has high blood pressure, history of stroke, chronic pain, and my dad will be 60 this year. I still live with them. This is a recipe for disaster. They'd rather wait until we all get sick than even discuss the thoughts of us working from home. If this is supposed to last months, you'd think they'd be able to set us up from home before it all ends. I emailed my states Department of Health this afternoon (from an anonymous email) and told them all of this. I told them I didn't want to give them the company name unless they could actually do something about it, and that I wanted to remain 100% anonymous.  Any advice is appreciated. If anything, thanks for letting me vent."
"What can the GP do? I'm currently suffering from anxiety and depression at it's worst, I've been continuously feeling anxious and depressed and then suddenly having spells of happiness before feeling ill again.   This week I have a GP appointment, will they be able to prescribe something to me at age 15, as counselling didn't work the last two times."
"How to manage my stress and be more relaxed person ? Hey !  So as the title saying - I need help in how to manage the stress of my life. Im 22 years old and I got shingles, I genrally healthy so I realized it came from stress and I know that I'm streesed person and I found myself few times in the last few years in depression and anxiety from things that I don't really need to be and When I look back I realize that I took it wayy to hard than what I should. Anyway the shingles was the last straw for me and I realized that if I wouldn't start to be more relaxed and take things more easily - I will over with much worst diseases and even heart attack when I will grow up. I always think about all those things just when Um on my bad times, but now as soon as I will recover from the shingles I want to do that switch in my life and be more calm and less stressed. My friends and family always tell me just relax but it not really work for me.. What can I do in order to live more relaxed life ?  Please give me some tips"
"Facebook Scam: Bought an inaccessible IPhone X from Facebook seller, then blocked on Facebook On one of the buying and selling pages in my area, I got into contact with a seller who offered me a pretty good deal on an IPhone X, offering to deliver to my location as well.  After giving him the money, he took off and I realized my mistake. The phone was linked to the ICloud account of a previous user that cannot be accessed (called an ICloud activation lock). From hours of searching for solution online, there is no hope in accessing it without the password from the original owner. The phone is literally unusable. I immediately went to the Apple Store for advice on how to unlock it, told them the whole scenario, and they told me the same thing - it is useless. On top of that, it could also be potentially stolen.  I am honestly surprised at my naiveté in this situation, and it is quite frustrating as I am out a few hundred dollars and left without a phone as well.   I called the police and am currently waiting for them to show up so I can give them a summary of the situation. I know the man's face, Facebook profile, first and last name, and his school (I asked him in our brief interaction). I don't want to go on a manhunt, I just want my money back and the phone returned to it's original owner.  I am more than willing to go to court, but I don't know where to start. A few hundred dollars out is a lot for me, it doesn't help that I'm a student and am stressing over my bills. I really don't know what to do, I'll take any advice possible. Thanks.  &amp;#x200B;"
"I don’t think my friends understand. Also college is hard I told my friends that I had decided to seek professional help for my depression back in November ‘19. They were very supportive; nobody was really AGAINST it. But I feel like they’ve decided to start avoiding the topic, or ignoring it all together. Feels like I’m in this battle alone once again, and its fuckin hard. Makes it very hard to keep my grades competitive with my classmates in college while dealing with this, I wish I could allow myself to take some time away from school. But my ego gets int he way of that, so whatever. Doesn’t feel like anything will help me at this point and my friends don’t give that much of a shit anymore. I’m really trying to fight and push through, but there’s no end in sight."
"How do I reduce calling children by the wrong name? Usually only happens when I’m moving way too fast or the situation is upsetting. Sometimes the dogs name gets in there. I love them all, and if possible, I’d like to squash this misnaming thing."
"Anxiety around people Do you ever experience anxiety where you feel like everyone hates you? I don’t know why I have this, but I keep checking Snapchat to see if people have opened my snap and not replied, or things like that. It’s really taking a toll on me recently. I have no idea what’s been causing this extreme case of anxiety I’ve been having the past few days. I just want it gone"
"Caught my husband cheating with a GPS tracker.     Just wanted to share this. I was able to get the tracker at [www.trackingfleetgps.com](https://www.trackingfleetgps.com/).   I was able to track my cheating husband to his girlfriend's house, then to every restaurant he spent OUR money on her (which will become important later in court---won't he be surprised!) One word of caution, though, the car that I tracked was also in my name, so I had every right to track it. However, if the car you track is only in his name, I would check your state laws to make sure you are covered. Last time he cheated I spent thousands on a private detective. This device gives you hard evidence for a fraction of the cost....worth every penny. I chose to hide mine in a plastic box that I used for some personal supplies...in fact he even put the box in the trunk for me never knowing he was activating his own consequence. For those of you who wonder how this story turned out, let's just say that the tracker's history helped me make him history as well!"
"27M - thinking of hiring an escort, advice? I’m 27 male and I’ve never been in a relationship or kissed a girl as I’m really underweight/skinny. I’ve not masturbated for around 40 days now and want to experience sex. I’m thinking of hiring an escort, but I’m so anxious/nervous, it’s making me nauseous. What are your thoughts?"
"Finally seeing a future after many years of suffering from addiction and homelessness. I am 25 days off of subutex today.  The longest I've been off of opiates/opiods in ten years.  I am using kratom for a short period but still consider this to be a huge step in the right direction.  I spent numerous years living on the sidewalk and shooting whatever I could get my hands on.  This past year I was living on the street in cali and became horribly hooked on i.v. meth.  I had sepsis  and almost died.  Almost had my hand amputated.  Got hit by a car. Had a seizure.  I've been attacked, shot at, nearly raped by homeless dudes and much more.  I've had three friends murdered in the past couple years.  My little cousin hung himself in jail because he couldn't handle the withdrawals.  I cant count the number of close friends ive lost to over doses. I kicked 100mg of methadone in jail.  This list of suffering goes on and on.  My father was a heroin addict as well.  Two of his best friends over dosed and died in our house when I was little.  Heroin has been around  since I was a toddler.  Anyways this past June someone bought me a plane ticket from Cali back to the east coast.  This saved my life without a doubt.  I was 110lbs and covered in sores.  I entered a program and kicked 80mgs of methadone.  The exhaustion from stopping crystal combined with the methadone withdrawal was really rough.  I made it 15 days and snapped.  I was afraid of relapse so I lied about using when I hadn't just so I could get back into rehab again.  They put me on subutex and I took 4mg for awhile.  After about a month I went down to 2mg and stayed on that side until I jumped out 25 days ago.  I am living way out in the boonies in northern New York with my grandfather.  We work outside during the day taking care of his land.  At night we talk metaphysics.  I have absorbed an amount of insight from him that can't be quantified.  He is encouraging me to write my experiences on the street and I hope I am able to get some of these stories on paper.  So despite my total lack of energy and minor withdrawals I feel I might be on this planet for a little longer than I ever thought I would.  \&lt;3"
"Had to be like that, did it? I’ve been in love with this man for a long time. I have been best friends with him for a shorter amount of a long time.   He calls me when he needs me. Even when we haven’t talked in a long time, he calls me when it’s all falling apart, when he’s falling apart. He calls me when he’s happy, when he has good news. He asks my advice on so many things.   He tells me I’m beautiful. But not just like eyes me up and down and tells me I’m beautiful. He stares into my soul and tells me I’m beautiful.   He got embarrassed when he told me he loved me the first time. He stood me up to a dance, and I understood.  I had a panic attack because I did something that I almost died because of driving one time, and less than a minute in his arms made me calm entirely. I have anxiety and it does not work that way.  I stand by him when he’s drinking, (he does it to excess. It doesn’t do good things for his life) and I was there when he was sober for about 6 weeks, and I didn’t walk away when he fell off the wagon.  He is one of few who have bought my food.  I would let him hold me while I cried.  I love his momma.   And we recently slept together, this is the first time we have had sex. It was the most beautiful thing I have ever experienced.   And as these stories usually go, he has been absent in my life. He gave me his jacket the next morning, and after three weeks of ignored texts and phone calls, and no surprise visits (he used to show up here and see me randomly, he has a key) I returned it. I drove to his place and put it in his car, texted him it’s location.   Then he gave me back my clothes that I had somehow left at his place. And my fucking soul cracked. I love this boy, and I didn’t realize how much it might have hurt him when I returned his jacket, until he returned my clothes.   But he doesn’t want me. He has made that clear. You don’t disappear on a woman you want to be with, you don’t tell her you don’t know when she asks if you’re together.   I love him with every fiber of my being. I am not a stranger to love, or even to sex entirely. I will love this man until the day I die. He is the only one in years that I have thought about marrying, carrying his children, and I want it. I have never been the one to bring it up or want it before. And now I am. I want it. I think about it every day.  I have never been the one to want someone to meet my family. Sometimes I let them, because they want to. But it’s never me that wants it, I’m just okay with it. But I want him to meet my family. I want to take him to thanksgiving and Christmas.   I want him in my life forever in whatever capacity I can have."
"Use your own brain! I do not know why you're depressed, but please do consider the fact that the psychiatric medication has it's risks. They have been recently labeled as carcinogenic and can have serious life long side-effects."
"Where does everyone get their motivation and drive for life from? I've lost my motivational autonomy. Where does everyone get their drive from? Things are supposed to be better for me now, but I just can't find the energy"
I turn eighteen next month and I’m paranoid and terrified Idk how to adult I cant even drive yet
"Breaking out of the circle of anxiety Does anyone else have a problem where they have anxiety about their anxiety? My anxiety ties a lot into gut issues and it’s like I don’t feel like it’s normal to feel good and not have any issues, so I almost make myself anxious to be in my “normal” state of being. I’m trying to get out of this cycle, but I’m not sure how to train my mind into breaking away from this certain way of thinking that I have been doing for several years. Any help or advice is appreciated!"
Lately sleeping is the only thing that makes me feel better the dreams I have make me feel alive until I wake up and realize I'm still here with my mess of a life
"I don’t have time Why do I always say I don’t have time? I have time. People with way less time than me accomplish way more.       1. Financee: Lets go running.  No I don’t have time, I’m stressed about school       2. Programming projects outside of school.  Nope, don’t have time for that. Let me just play video games for 3 hours.       3. Organizing rooms and getting rid of old things.  Definitely don’t have time for that either. Let me stress out about life and watch some Netflix."
"How do you deal with the ‘have you taken your medication today?!’ from loved ones? Hey all!  I was thinking about this earlier today, and am curious about how the rest of you who are medicated deal with this. It’s especially tricky for me because the only people who know I take Vyvanse are close loved ones. So, when I make a mistake and they angrily ask ‘have you taken your medication today,’ it definitely stings.   My go to has been ‘yes, but I’m still human.’ Later in the day I will usually follow it up with an explanation on how hurtful that comment was to me... after all, it’s not great to wonder if people love me, or my medication. I use this approach since I’ve had to ask them for plenty of patience in the past, so I feel that they deserve plenty as well.  What are your strategies? What’s worked? What has left YOU feeling satisfied in this exchange?  Thanks as always everyone, and I hope your 2019 is off to a strong start. -Spiff"
"How do you decide to buy something? I've become very reluctant to spend money. My interests and needs keep changing, out of my control. Anything I buy in an obsessive phase of interest feels like a waste of money, because I lose interest as fast as it arises.  How do you decide what to spend money on? What can I do to improve my spending habits?"
"i don't want to kill myself hey guys, i'm 17 and am about to finish school in germany... about a year ago i posted about wanting to kill myself, and i meant it back then. some nice people told me that better times will come and for quite some time they didn't, but i sort of got used to it. i wouldn't say that i don't have friends, but there aren't many and i only have one friend outside of school. i'm younger than the my classmates, so often times i can't hang out, because they're eighteen and go to bars or what not.  i used to go out running three times a week but i stopped during the winter. well actually i stopped because i felt no joy in it and told myself that it was because of the winter. i find very little joy in anything. i play computer games for too long and too frequently and bond with people over the internet which are even more addicted to playing. im doing well in school, but i don't put in any effort. as i said, i got used to being sad and not having fun, and i always told myself that that would change after school. but now i don't know anymore. what am i supposed to do if i finish school and notice that normal life is just as bad as school life? i don't want to kill myself because i don't want to put my family in that tremendous pain, but i don't know what to do."
"New Day, New Fear. (ALS) Yay. Sorry for the long rant. Not looking for anything, just really need to vent.   After never falling down the ALS rabbit hole, it appears I stumbled into it pretty rapidly. It’s actually been something I’ve never worried about. It’s never even crossed my mind when I had cramps, spasms or pains. I was literally immune to panic over it....until 3 days ago.   I was having what felt like a tongue spasm and decided to google (I know, I know) tounge spasm and anxiety to prove to myself that it could be from the fact that I’m constantly clenching my jaw. Instead ALS was in bold and initially the only option it gave me. It’s now been 3 days and it’s appeared to spread to my entire tounge instead of just one area. Cue further panic.   I’ve read a lot of helpful things to help calm the fear (BFS, Odds of it occurring-as a 28 year old female, etc). That being said the one thing I can’t seem to find is the one thing that keeps bugging me- which is can tongue fasciculations exist without swallowing issues or slurred speech. As in can this actually be the first symptom or would it happen further along.   I’ve been going through the moments of using logic to be ok and hours of obsessing and panic. It’s been awful. Literal thoughts about holding my boyfriend and how maybe in 6 months I won’t be able to do it if I have ALS. It’s ridiculous and silly, but man I cannot get it under control."
"Do podcasts/youtube videos help with language acquisition/learning how to talk to other people? Hey all, so I am someone with zero personality or elaborate interests (that I've invested time in) which makes it hard for me to talk to others. I've always felt like these were the reasons why I can never connect with people that I meet but I'm beginning to wonder if it could be just me doing something wrong, like not saying literally anything that comes to mind (I've tried oversharing private life details with other people in hopes that it'll increase the amount of things I say but the results are questionable).  They say your social skills increase the more you talk to people but unless I go out of my way everyday to meet new people (which isn't very realistic knowing my levesl of energy and inability to commit to any goal I've set for myself) I think that advice is futile, because it's not like I have a group of people I can talk to everyday and I obviously can't get one if I can't talk to them. I've recently discovered podcasts and though I don't find them particularly interesting, I wonder if listening to them and hearing the way two people interact with each other could help me with understanding how a dialogue between two human works. I'm 20 so my brain is almost matured and I only have so much time left before I can no longer learn this so anything would work. Please let me know if anyone's tried this and if it's helped. Thanks."
"Unit Plan Formatting - any tips? A quarter-long class I teach is going to be twice as long next year as it was last year because we're moving to block scheduling (last year's periods were 45 minutes, this year's will be 87).  As a result, I want to take the curriculum I have and add an equal amount of additional content throughout the quarter.  Does anyone have any suggestions on how to format it in a way that won't make my life more difficult? I have all my lesson plans for last year in Planboard, which I can easily transfer to another format, but I'm looking to move lessons around/insert and delete plans with ease.  Does anyone have experience with mapping out a full 45 days?"
"Turning 21 tomorrow, recommendations for a budget handgun? Hey guys, as the title says, I'm looking for a budget handgun around $400 for basic home/car defense. Doesn't have to be anything crazy, but I'd like a direction to start looking.   Thanks :^)"
"Husband (24m) and i (23f) keep arguing about my lack of sex drive. What do I do? We married ASAP because we were religious. He still is, im more agnostic. That’s not a HUGE issue for us, just a small one. The sex issue is the real one.   We’ve been “on the rocks” as they say for soooo long. At least two years. We have a 2 year old, that’s how I know.   This is a quick summary of our relationship: we met and moved in together when I was 17, then we got married when I was 18. We got pregnant (oops) and lost the baby, making us realize how much we actually wanted one. So we got pregnant on purpose after a loooong time of trying, and now we have our kid. He’s 2 and perfect.   So when we moved in together I didn’t have insurance and could no longer afford my medications. I had an antidepressant, adhd meds, anti anxiety pills, heart medicine (to undo a side effect from another pill) and genetic allergy medicine. I full stop got off the meds and went in a downward spiral for way too long. I was suicidal for sooo long. Finally I got out of the rut when I birthed my son (just two years ago!) and now I’m more independent and confident and i love myself. I cut my hair and got a tattoo and started wearing whatever clothes I wanted. Now I’m in school not sure what I want to major in just yet.   When I stopped the meds i lost my sex drive exponentially. We used to be CRAZY before i got off my meds, like sex multiple times a day every day we could (legal in my state). We went from 24/7 sexy time to only a few times a week, 1-2. Then as time when on it got worse and worse. Especially after we lost the baby. I now hated going down on him and because of the D&amp;C surgery I hated fingering. Then after I got pregnant with our son I started hating even being touched.   Fast forward and son is born. We are told “sex will come back in a few months”. A few months pass. Nothing. We go back “it’s normal for it to be hard during breastfeeding” - I breastfeed until he’s 1 and a half, still no sex drive. “Well sometimes the mother is over touched” we start setting up babysitting gigs so I have no-touch Time. Still no sex drive. We get tests done to make sure, but nope. All good in the hood.   I hate sex. I hate touching each other’s genitals. I hate how wet it is. I hate how hot we get. I hate how messy it is. I HATE being penetrated.   I try to fake it for my husband, but he can tell. I never think about sex so if he doesn’t initiate we’ll go months without sex. Usually it ends up coming to a huge argument where in the end I’m so exhausted and worried he’ll leave me that I just DO it, but then I feel gross and used. He hates it too but says he’s just too sexually frustrated.   I’ve offered opening the relationship on his end, but he’s a Christian man who hates that idea. He says he’s “sick of it” and he’s “young” and “deserves sex” which I totally get. But like.....I can’t force myself to like it! No matter how much I want to!  Tl;dr husband is very sexually deprived but I hate sex now. Doctors say I’m fine. I have a counseling appointment set for a week from now. We keep arguing. Idk what to do. I can’t keep faking it."
Just wanna go home. At dinner with a group of friends. I was having a good time until I accidentally dropped the chips on the table. I laughed about it and when I looked up one of the girls just rolled her eyes so now I’m just kinda wondering if she thinks I’m annoying or she doesn’t want me here. Ruined my whole mood. Just want to go home and sleep. 😞
literally the only goal i have left is to reach grand champ in 2v2s other than that i can kill my self. my friends won’t realize since i go to a different school than them and they wouldn’t even realize i’m gone.
"5 year old too physical How do i teach my 5 y/o to keep his hands to himself? He’ll be 5 next week. He’s in pre-k right now &amp; in kindergarten in the fall. He’s always been a touchy feely kid, but now it’s really becoming a problem and I’m struggling with getting him to understand that he can not touch people roughly and/or when they don’t want to be touched. It used to be just giving hugs, now he basically tries to wrestle (sometimes, not all people in general) with friends. When i tell him to stop, he’s doing it again a few minutes later. He’s also not listening at school. It’s something we’ve been working on, but i kept telling myself at least it hasn’t seemed malicious. Then today at school he was kicking a friend under the table.. this is obviously more upsetting and i really want to figure out how to nip this in the bud ASAP. He definitely has trouble listening, but I really don’t think he’s a mean kid so I’m not sure why this is happening.  Anyone been through this? TIA"
"My depression hits me so hard that my body can't handle anymore I'm really tired, I wake up crying, I sleep crying, I don't have appetite, most of the time I throw up and have a headache, I'm really done.  How are you feeling today ?"
"Oregon Trail 😂🤣😂Had my students play Oregon Trail today.  I received this email from a student:  “This game caused frustration but it was great to play I enjoyed the activity. Before playing this game I didn't know what typhoid was, after playing I learned that it was a disease that is caused by salmonella. I did not record everything I have done but from what I Remember and Oxen is an animal that what was used to pull the wagon, I realized now that you need more than two oxens to pull you from missouri to oregon. And it is very important to buy extra parts, my wagon broke down before I could reach the river. I believed that conserving money was best but I then found that most travel supplies are given through trading, with no bullets I was unable to hunt, with my lack of supplies I was unable to trade which lead to my family's death.”"
"Can you meditate? If so, how have you found success? I've been told that meditation is life changing. I have tried meditating countless times with zero success. I feel like a caged animal following meditation routines and trying to clear my mind. I feel like I can't breathe. Meditation is torture for me."
"Being a psychologist with social anxiety... Before graduate school I was basically a victim of selective mutism, and I had A LOT of catching up to do. I wouldn't talk to anyone outside of my immediate family, and if I did, it would probably take 5-6 years or more for me to warm up to them.   I started college at 19, having had absolutely zero friends my entire life. I could spend entire days not speaking to anyone, to the point where my throat would hurt if I did. I thought I was a failure and would never get a job - how could I, if I can't even speak? But, I loved Psychology, I dreamt of ""saving people"", and I would NOT let this fear conquer me. So I started grad school. I had one-two friends the first year, I was like a toddler! Fights over petty things, I just couldn't understand how to... ""human"". It's like I had to learn at 19 what people learned at five. But I managed. Now I think I made 30+ friends. I'm probably one of the most liked members of my class. But I still SUCK at public speaking.  I become red (not cute blushing, it looks like a rash), I stumble, I forget, my eyes water. It looks like I'm having a stroke. And I managed to skip presentations ALL of five years! Now, the thing is, I want to face this. I'm great 1x1 with my patients, but I want to give presentations, teach courses! How could I defend a thesis like this? No way. So I wonder, are paid public speaking classes any good? Not the college ones. The ones from schools that have it as a focus. Or is it ""too much too soon""? Does anyone have experience with it?"
"What should I take before I workout ? I have quite a busy job, but at the same time, I really enjoy working out.  Fortunately, I have a gym in the same building as my job and I was planning on training right after I finished my shift. I feel hungry most of the time after I finished working, but I don't have time to return home eat a full meal.   Is there something I can eat / drink quickly that will sustain me during all my workout ?  Thank you !"
"New Here I've never made a post on reddit, and I dislike talking about myself. Sometimes, it helps though. I can relate to a lot of folk here. Graduated highschool in 2016, been doing some college past year, after getting sick of working. In these past years since graduation, I've seen all my old friends grow, and develop on social media. These people are having babies, and getting married already, and I'm still here with no sense of direction haha. I never had many friends during highschool to begin with, four to be exact. Three have deployed and the other fried his brain doing meth. I know it's not good to live in past memories and friendships, but I just feel so alone. I haven't done anything with friends since july 2018, only events with the family during holidays. I tried to make friends with people at my campus but they are twice as old as me, married with kids my age haha. They are just there to learn and leave, not make any friends on the way. I guess I don't know what else to say, or how to say it. Never talked about my feelings being an only child. Lots of feelings I have pent up, but I do not know how to express them. Maybe I should get a dictionary haha. Well anyone read this maybe you can find comfort in knowing you aren't ""alone"" in how lonely you feel."
Can't cry Does anyone else experience emotional numbing from their meds? I cant cry anymore no matter how hard i try. Im on olanzapine  I want to so bad
"I feel redeemed Somehow, I came up in a class convo, along the lines of how I am always peaceful and quiet... and then one of my decent school friends said that everyone likes me and that I'm super nice!!! Now I'm less suspicious they secretly hate me"
Terrified of failed attempt I’m so scared that I’ll fuck up and end up with a hospital bill and everyone thinking I’m being manipulative and that I meant to survive.
"Talk me out of it please, I'm begging you I'm so weak right now. I told myself that next time my heart was broken, that's it, no way I can survive that again. It took 3 years to recover from the last time.  Worst part is that I know she loves me, but her parents made her do it, and she didn't want to. She may want me come July, but I'm so fucked up, I'm dead inside again. I'm a broken person right now.  I just don't know if I can do this again. Tell me life is worth it without love. Cuz I need false statements right now."
"Depression from another failure drinking Another wedding of one of my best friends, another time I got too drunk to celebrate with him the entire time. I’m in my 30s and this is still happening.  I thought I could deal with it, but it’s a few days later and I just can’t get out of bed, because the lead blanket of depression is too strong.  I feel so sad with how much of my life experiences I have thrown away with alcohol.   I know I’m always learning and growing, but it is so depressing, a lot.  I can’t believe it. I can’t believe how little I have learned over the years.  I now can say “no more drinking at special occasions” because I simply feel too good, get carried away being someone else who can drink, and end up drinking too much. It’s fucking sad for me.  I am very lucky that I haven’t been hurt, but how many times do I have to regress.  I’m sorry y’all, not a happy post. I’m just in a rough place."
"Lonely hours   As my days go by in my isolated life, I realize I’m craving human touch. It’s been a while since I’ve been in a relationship. I’ve never been in a real relationship. I’ve realized most of the “relationships” I’ve had were based off lust and nothing beneficial besides the sex. Any-who, I just want to be phuckin loved and doted on. I’m not desperate or anything. I know when to leave or when I’m not wanted. I just want my soulmate to come and get me or let’s unexpectedly bump into each other like those shoujo mangas lol. Then I wonder, should I be in a relationship? I’m currently an unemployed, college dropout. I know how to hold a conversation, I’m aware on what’s going on in the world, however, I feel like it’s a mental strain where I keep questioning my self worth and if I’m worthy of being in someone’s presence due to my social standing. This type of mindset sucks! I just need a hug, something intimate, could be sexual, maybe, maybe not. My life sucks but I promised to remain optimistic which is taking its toll on me."
"9 Years Yesterday was the love of my life's 34th birthday. October 2nd will be the 9 year anniversary of her murder. I still constantly think about her and feel horrible guilt for not being there (was stationed 2000 miles away). One of her last late night calls I didn't answer because of a number of useless reasons (tired..didn't feel like talking..work the next day).   She called me when she got married..not out of happiness, but sad because she ""had to for health insurance."" She needed her mental health medicines.   Her husband incapacitated her and set fire to the house. The sheriff department told her mother ""this isn't CSI"" when she asked them to investigate more. The ME said it was a suspicious death.  Her now ex husband hurried the funeral home, causing a scene, so he could go to the insurance office to get her life insurance check. This was while her mother sat right next to him.  Her now ex husband brought his pregnant 17 year old girlfriend to the funeral. He used the money to pay off his jeep he had been hiding from repossessions and to pay for the new baby.  I've hurt myself over and over just dealing with the mental pain. I've long wished to join her. I hole myself away in my bedroom, other than work. I only really talk to online friends. I don't trust hardly anyone.   Her mother asks my mother how I am sometimes. I leave notes on her grave when I visit with a PS hello to her mother.   I don't know where I was going with this but I've never written this out before."
"Need to buy first ever Elliptical trainer. Concerns about height? My husband and i are looking for a elliptical trainer however,  he is 6ft2 and the ones in our current price range are only 132-142cms in height. Im concerned the handles will be too low for him. Is this an issue? Sorry for the stupid question."
"How would I know if I'm in the right place? Hi. This is my first year of teaching Middle School Art at an International School. Coworkers wise, they are very fine--at leasf in my department. The parents and the kids are pretty okay, too. In terms of stability, my current position is pretty okay as well. I learned during the first term and am now much more familiar with the system unlike during the first term where I was completely at a lost. But I am deeply unsatisfied. I might be overestimating myself but I don't feel like I would grow here in terms of my field of expertise. Middle School art does not challenge me in terms of intellectual or analytical discussions and I dont have anyone here either to discuss art stuff with. Kids are nice and I really appreciate the love they show and give, but I dont feel fulfilled here. And since my undergrad dealt with Industrial Education major in Art Education, the contents we studied were usually for secondary school."
"Please anyone? So I’m just wanting someone to talk to, I can only do it on discord because I prefer calls- I’d really appreciate it if someone is willing to just talk with me. I honestly have no one to talk with, and idk where else to ask for such a dumb request.... but yeah I just wanna have a call and talk to someone I’m 17 btw and a guy  ......"
"Teenage Boy and the teenmobile. Advice needed. 17-year-old boy driving the old family car. Car is primarily his but parents cover insurance and gas. Old car with a few scratches and a bit of rust.  The 17-year-old boy has a girlfriend. They go for a drive, often.  One day, parent notices damage to the passenger side of car and as though paint was rubbing off and asks 17-year-old ""What happened to car?"" ""A couple of days ago, I scraped car door against a pole."" Parents are angry that 17-year-old did not tell about accident. 17-year-old boy doesn't think it's a big deal. 17-year-old  is punished for 1 week for not telling about the accident. He doesn't think it's a fair punishment. Is it?"
Anybody more relaxed around older people. I get shaky and uncomfortable in crowds and when talkimg people close to my (18m) age. But when i see visibly older people i feel more relaxed and less anxious. Anybody feel similar? Anybody have odd reliefs in their SA? Any ideas?
"Funny Man! Hey there,funny man!  Make us Laugh,funny man!  Tell a joke, funny man!  Big smiles,funny man!  You're so funny,funny man!  We love you,funny man!  Don't be a stranger,funny man!  He's amazing that,funny man!  Welcome back,funny man!  We've missed you,funny man!  Make us laugh,funny man!  Make us laugh,funny man!  Make us laugh,funny man!  Where's the jokes,funny man!  We want the smiles,funny man!  We don't care,funny man!  What emotions?funny man!  What mood?funny man!  Only jokes,funny man!  Go away, funny man!  We only want the, funny man!  By Abdo Safwat"
Can you guys give me sppourt I like this girl but I'm to scared to ask can you help me ask her ( I also have gernal anxiety disorder)
"independent teenage sister unemployed, drop out, and wants to become a stripper. Hello Reddit,  I'm 27. My 19 year old sister left our abusive parents home around a year ago. Our parents basically raised us to never leave home- refused to teach us to drive, even threw away my permit repeatedly, always told us we were too stupid to leave home, too stupid to go to college. Contributed 0 to my college education. So my sister tries community but her homelife is shit and she went on academic probation, and atm she has dropped out.  She was until a month ago living with a neighbor from our parents neighborhood who knew how bad our homelife was for free, but was kicked out for overstaying her welcome. Basically woman took her in, sister never was allowed a key, toxic situation in general, sister bunkers down and neighbor assumed she'd move in with me or somewhere else before a year.   My sister did not want to pay me rent, which I offered when she turned 18 to live with me and my boyfriend in his 2 bed 2 bath condo. It was my boyfriends decision and its his mortgage so I didn't feel I had the right to demand she live with us for free. I feel awful about it still but felt my hands were tied. We were going to offer that she pay him around $250/month. We never got to writing up an agreement because she was insulted we would expect her to pay any rent. She told me I should have let her live with me for free and resented me for not doing so for awhile. The offer is no longer on the table.     She recently had a well paying job in a hotel as a hostess which allowed her to save up to move out. She went against my advice and signed a 1 year lease for a place with 1 roomie for $600 +util/month. I told her I never paid above $400 and always had 2-3 roomies but did what I had to save $. I also told her I think paying $100+ for her phone a month could be reduced but she wanted the latest iPhone. She had admitted she stays in contact with our grandmother who sides with our abusive parents to use her for emergency money and rides.   So, she gets fired for socializing with a friend who visited her workplace 3 weeks ago, which was moreso a cover as she has had to go to HR repeatedly for racism and even unwanted physical touch at the job. She wanted to stay for the good pay, but now she's been fired anyway. She filed for unemployment but hasn't heard back from them despite it being 3 weeks already.   She told me she had 2 months worth of rent saved up, but she lied. Despite moving in this month her deposit will be due Dec. 1st, bringing the total due at that time to $1200. She has $500 to her name atm.    She will shrug her shoulders and casually remark that she'll probably end up stripping to make ends meet. She repeats it enough that I've told her look, I will cut you out of my life if you do that. Within 1 google search I found a resource in our city that helps people pay 1 months of rent through a charity; she hadn't even googled anything she just resigned herself to this fantasy of making money stripping. Hopefully she takes my advice and fills out the paperwork for the rent charity tomorrow.   She states she is looking for a job atm and has interviews lined up but insists it won't be enough for rent so she will end up stripping. She does have a few interviews going but is obviously depressed about everything.    Because she left our abusive parents they kept her on their insurance but have denied payment for a recent dr. visit so they may have removed her.    I am also no contact with our parents for 4 years.    Obviously I will not let my sister go homeless, worst case scenario she will end up with us, but I have no idea how to navigate this situation. Some people tell me i'm being too generous, some tell me I am not being supportive enough. I regularly take her out for dinner, buy her small things, actually gave her cash leading up to her 18th birthday when I realized she'd lied about applying to the colleges I asked her to. I've stopped giving her cash when I see her.    What would you do in this situation, what should I do this situation? Please any advice will help greatly. Thank you."
"I'm afraid when listening to music via headphones in public that it might be too loud. Hi, so I don't know if this belongs here, but maybe even writing it down for myself will help.  &amp;#x200B;  Since I am listening to music in public (which isn't for that long as I was afraid to do so) I am always scared that people might hear my music through my headphones. To make it clear: I never had any bad experiences with the volume of my music and also I have everything on quiet, doesn't matter if it's TV or whatever - I would say my ears are still pretty good.   &amp;#x200B;  The problem is that I'm always turning down the volume to a point I don't really hear anything anymore, even when I'm in bus, I'm just too afraid anyone could hear it or gets annoyed by it without telling me.  I reached a point where I'm only listening to ""Chill""-playlists as those are typically more quietly and I am also afraid that people could hear a couple of songs of my ""Main""-playlist, which includes songs that are falsely judged as ""female""-music, K-Pop, etc.  Basically this is a personal problem, but I am really pissed at myself as I would firstly love to listen to the music I prefer and secondly love to turn the volume up...but I'm scared - even though I'm know it isn't too loud.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm using Apple Airpods - if that helps.  &amp;#x200B;  Any help is appreciated! :)  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;"
"I hate bulking, please help! Okay so i’ve tried bulking for the last 6 months, but the results have been very disappointing for me. I know the reason is due to me not eating enough. The problem is however not that i can stuff myself to the point of me becomming nauseous, the problem is that i first get tired of eating the same food and then leading me to get tired of food. After a week of eating chicken, rice, potatoes and greens for dinner, it feels like my body would reject that food if i tried to eat it. I wouldn’t mind eating the same meals everyday, but my body litterally can’t do that. For example, i used to eat bacon and eggs everyday for a certain amount of time because it’s tasty and easy for bulking. After that i had to stop eating eggs for breakfast for like a year because i couldn’t eat them.  I think my solution to this problem would be more appealing meals, which require more time and cooking skill, and  have neither. So my questions would be, have you had similar experiences and how did you overcome it? And do you know any tasty recipes for bulking?  Thank you!"
"I need some positive help getting over the fear of my bedroom Long story short I've gone through some bad bouts of anxiety in the last two weeks. I'm a 4th year engineering student and have always dealt with anxiety, so it isn't knew to me. I usually can get through it but some mentally caused insomnia has made this recent bout of anxiety some of the worst I've ever had. Good news, I'm through the thick of it, I got an a new medication to help me out long term (an SSRI) but there's still a challenge that remains. I'm struggling coping with my room, with all the stress and anxiety I've had recently my room and especially my bed (you know, the location where all the stressful insomnia has taken place) is causing me anxiety. I know this is something I have to work through myself, and no medication is gonna get the job done. I'm an overthinker, always have been, one of the reasons I thrive in engineering, but its hard getting this out of my head. I need a way to create some more positive energy in and about my room, because currently (I know i'm just doing it to myself) I can't get the negative memories out of my head and i'm causing insomnia myself. have any of you had this problem and gotten through it? I need some skills to retrain my brain so i'm comfortable in my room again so I can get some sleep again."
"Is it normal to be delusional when you're in a depressive episode? I'm not manic.  But I'm paranoid and I'm pretty convinced that certain people I'm close with can read minds.  Jesus Christ I sound crazy.  It's becoming a real problem. I'm having conversations with these people in my head until it gets uncomfortable enough that I tell them over and over to ""Get out of my head.""   I feel crazy but the longer it goes on the more I'm convinced that I'm not the crazy one.  Once again, I'm not manic.  Is this normal? Is this real?"
"Expenses exceeding income. Lots of debt. I’m just looking for some feedback on my current financial situation. I’ve developed some bad habits and made plenty of mistakes and now I’m in a situation that has become increasingly stressful.   Yearly net income (after taxes): About 27k. I’m taking home roughly 2000/month depending on overtime and I also get a yearly bonus. Also there is no deduction for my medical/dental insurance so it’s pretty much like part of my salary.  Rent, utilities (including internet): Around 580/month (I have a roommate so that’s my half)  Student loan payments: About 500/month (income-based plan) total between two lenders. I have about 60k in student loans that I haven’t made a dent on since I graduated in 2012. I’ve used several deferments this year. Interest has capitalized several times.  Car payment: 333/month. Stuck in a lease until July 2020.  Car insurance: 140/month  Personal loan: 150/month (for 3 years). Used this recently to pay off about 5k of high interest credit card debt, spread out between 3 cards.  Care credit: 75/month to pay off a 1700 balance. No interest for 2 years I believe (having trouble logging into my account to verify). Had to get this recently to pay out of pocket for a root canal I needed, since I had already reached the maximum with my insurance. Cell phone: 70/month (part of a family plan)  Pet care: Around 50/month. I did get a puppy recently and had initial expenses (vet appointments for parasites/vaccines, equipment, etc). Now I’m hoping I’m over the hump and it’s just regular expenses from here out (food, toys, routine vet appointments).  Food/gas/clothing/medical expenses/entertainment/savings/misc: So without factoring in my bonus as part of my income (or a possible tax refund) if I’m taking home about 2000-2100 a month regularly, and with all my fixed expenses adding up to about 1900, this means I have between 100 and 200 to spend on everything else (which is pretty much the reason why I acquired all the credit card debt over the past couple years)  I think I’ve covered everything to the best of my knowledge. Yes, there are probably some fairly obvious fixes I can make with my budget and I definitely don’t mind hearing those. But I also hope for some feedback on the big picture. I’m 29 years old and I have a liberal arts degree (which obviously I spent way too much money on). I currently work in collections at a finance company for a luxury brand of cars. There’s maybe a little room to move up in the company but it would be at a crawl. They seem to be having some financial trouble right now. There’s a hiring freeze going on, so we are working with a skeleton crew. I’m actually doing a job that is a slight step above what I’m being paid for. They will likely make the “promotion” official once the hiring freeze is lifted.   Just not sure where to go from here. I don’t see myself living on 100-200 a month. Even if I did, I don’t have an extra income for an emergency fund. I don’t see myself ever paying off these student loans either. I’ll stop now because this post is starting to feel more like a vent. Once again, any comments/questions/feedback would be appreciated."
"Just woke up 7pm and the days already over, can anyone relate?"
"No matter how much I try to sleep I end up tired, dizzy, and my vision looks weird I was already suicidal but the past weeks have been unbearable. Some days I'll sleep till 1pm and then go to sleep 4 hours later because I'm so tired. Other days I can't even sleep and my symptoms get even worse. My vision feels like im out of focus or slow. I feel dizzy drowsy. I cant do anything because im so exhausted, but i cant get rid of it. cuts have been getting deeper and I honestly don't think I have the balls to cut deep enough but I'm definitely doing some damage today."
"Good Conspiracy YT channels? With that stupid crackdown its been hard to find new stuff,What are some of your favorite/good channels? Im already subbed to all the really big guys dark5,top5s and all time conspiracies/uncovered."
"I have posted here many times before. Every time its been about planning to do it, but I end up backing out because I am a fucking pussy. I will not be hurting anymore. I saw a post a few days ago about mourning the child who had aspirations, who thought I would have done big things by now. That child would be devastated if they could see where I have ended up. I am going to post my note here, my final bit of words:Break. Clarification for false devastation, drowning by days, by mids, by nights. Yearn to cease from forced creation, rip the eyes, destroy the sight. Come none without ulteriors had, theatrics claimed by lot. No word for such abyssal sad. To recall is best to not. Grip lost, high cost candy for the brain. Beg for one to comprehend frustrating, grating pain. Fear too great, instinct still lingers, no knowledge of what is next. For all required is a push of fingers, the spirit has been vexed. Though none of them can see, Ill put the names anyway. Thank you Eddie. Thank you Blaine. Thank you Andy. Thank you Noah. Thank you Lex. Thank you Archie. Thank you Lily. Thank you Jamie. Thank you Claudia. Thank you Grandmother. Thank you Benjamin, and Raven, and Miss Kitty, and Mika, and Kira, my precious, precious furbabies. Ill see you Max, my first kitty, my baby. I love you all. I have decided. I am doing it tonight and I am not wussing out this time."
"Recently diagnosed with borderline. I am 30 and it is gotten to a point where I have one friend, who lives in another city (and I cannot visit easily bcz I do not drive). The rest of the folks who were in my life either were part of a blowout with me or avoid spending time with me (I tend to talk about deeply personal things or am very quiet and awkward, so I do not even blame ppl for not wanting to be around me. Pls note: I do try to monitor my behavior and comments and try not to say inappropriate things that make folks uncomfy but it is sometimes done unconsciously.) I have spent most of my life telling myself it is all in my head, people do not dislike me, I just need to be more social yadayadayada. Which is not necessarily untrue, but now I am realizing that it is more like people do not feel a connection with me therefore they likely never even think or care to consider spending time with me or talking to me. (Ie. it is not all about me realization). Currently I am stuck between fearing connection (potential rejection) and desperately wanting to spend time with other humans. So I guess my question is: Are there other folks who have experienced this illness or these feelings and have successfully overcame them and were able to build and maintain successful platonic and romantic relationships? If so any tips or advice? Folks with borderline personality: How do you make and maintain friendships?"
"How do you deal with jealousy? I have a real problem feeling jealous of famous women or women I see as more attractive than me - this is causing me and my partner a lot of issues- he doesn’t even comment on these women (he’s actually very respectful) - I just feel instantly uncomfortable and then insecure upon seeing them - before flipping out, to later on regretting it. How do I control this irrational jealousy?"
"just diagnosed schizoaffective..any advice schizoaffective, bipolar type. starting risperdal tonight, 2mg per day.   struggling with voices pretty bad that rexulti didn't help with so much. benefitted from zyprexa but weight gain problems. currently hearing one voice telling me to kill myself (a specific plan I won't go into) and one voice trying to reassure me everything will be fine. what should I expect on risperdal?"
"Worthless bc he didn’t want to have sex I know no one owes me sex(or anything for that matter) and that if he wants to masturbate he can, but I always get this crippling sense of him not being attracted to me or not loving me anymore bc of it. Outwardly, I know that sex doesn’t equal love but that doesn’t change the way that bpd makes me react and feel. It’ correlates in my brain as: ‘oh you’d rather masturbate in a bathroom alone while I’m over here offering bjs like they’re coupons, so something is obviously wrong with me and you don’t love me anymore.’ Which I know isn’t true and is wrong but it completely demolishes me anyways. I’ve been working on these feelings very hard for the last two years but none of that matters when he “rejects” me. It’s results in me splitting and HATING him for it when he didn’t do anything wrong and I hate myself because of it. Any advice or related feelings so I don’t feel so alone in this?"
"Nightly phonr calls My ex and I compared very well for the most part. I have our son 4 nights out of the week. His father wants to talk to him each of those nights. Sometimes its not convenient, or my son just doesnt feel like it. But its not usually an issue, we do it anyway. I have to be there monitoring bc my son is 5 and will walk away from the phone, get distracted, or just not hokd it so his dad can see his face. Calls are between 5-15 minutes long. Tonight when ex called son asked for 30 minutes bc he didnt feel like talking right then. Ex called exactly 30 minutes later and  said son is walking all over me and requested that I be more involved in monitoring. Some  nights I have waljed away to brush teeth, do dishes or just my nightly routine.  I'm not legally obligated for these phone calls, but I really dont mind 98% of the time. I'm becoming resentful of the fact that we dont seem to have an option to not have phone calls certain nights.  Am I wrong to feel resentful. Are these phone calls necessary for my son? I dont get the feeling they are, I feel like I'm doing it more for his dad. Ex is willing to call me the nights son is with him but I am usually busy. My son and I are very close and I dont feel like our relationship is negatively affected by not taljing to him every night. In fact I feel like forcing him to phone talk sometimes makes him resentful too. Set me straight please, I'm not sure whats right here."
I am miserable. I should be happy by all accounts. I'm married to a wonderful man who treats me like a queen. I just got a wonderful new job and out of a miserable one. I worry about blood clots all day long. I am obese and on birth control. I have a respiratory infection right now  and needless to say I'm doing bad with it.  Any ache or weird pain in my legs or any other area is the clot making a move to kill me. If I'm even a little winded I have a pulmonary embolism about to kill me. I remember all the times I made fun of my brother for his hypochondria and look at me now! Awake when I should be asleep worrying about something that isn't happening. Anxiety and worry makes my life harder than it has to be. I cannot change what will happen in life but I can change my reaction. It's just easier said than done. IDK.
"Is there any website or blog that helps people with structural knock knees on how to exercise. Doing lunges, squats and other exercises. My knock knees were caused by an undiagnosed malabsorption disorder. I also have an unstable right shoulder girdle that's always depressed and rounded. Rc exercise help a little."
I’m struggling to fully open up to real people. Should I tell my friends and family about my dark thoughts or just leave it a feeling “a little sad” or “kinda bummed?” I kinda feel like nobody I know takes this seriously enough for me to talk to them.
"Double standard: media censorship to maximize female empowerment I just found out that my wife is carrying my sweet baby girl. We’re so excited and surprised because we thought our first child would be a boy.  Now that I know it’s a girl though I find myself already trying to censor certain media so that she will be exposed to, more female driven female empowering characters/stories.   I, as a father, did not think about this censorship for one second when I thought I was having a boy.   Is it wrong of me to censor this knowing that there is a double standard? Should I just treat her like I would a boy to keep everything fair like I want?  P.S. I plan on playing sports with her, showing her how to skateboard, and other things that are usually considered “boy stuff.”"
"I have been depressed for as long as I can remember. I try my hardest to never self pity because I know for a fact so many people have it so much worse. Recently, I have been very down just thinking of the kid I used to be and how disappointed they would be in me. I do not know why I have been a lot more down. bad night"
"Employer giving out employee's personal email addresses to entire company I work for a contacting company that has recently started sending out emails to employee personal email accounts (hotmail/gmail/Yahoo accounts not email accounts provided by the employer). In doing so, those that get the email and anyone it gets forwarded to can see every employee's personal email address. Is this legal? Can anything be done?   In my contract it does not state they have permission to email that address, let alone blast it to all employees who I don't actually work with."
"Years of bad experiences, emotional abuse, yelling, bullying at school, isolation and mental illness made me like this.I believe my issues are so deep rooted that I will never recover, I have been in therapy for a while and now I started taking meds but I am so sick of living this way.I think I will never be able to have a normal life. I feel too damaged to recover"
"Support and Suggestions I'm not planning on ending my life right now but I want to. I'm trying to fight it and some days are easier than others. I understand that my thoughts are lying to me but it gets so hard sometimes to fight back. My sister and my friends would be devastated if I killed myself and that helps to keep me here, but I still want to die.    I don't think I'll live to thirty (26 ATM) but I'm searching and trying to keep going. I want someone to rob the place where I work so I can sacrifice myself to stop them. Help me to keep going. I almost shot myself on Monday but I couldn't figure out how to get the gun to work. I called the hotline, made an emergency appointment with my therapist and I'm still here but I very nearly wasn't.    Why don't I feel better? My life isn't even that bad but I want to end it. I want a woman but that seems selfish. I don't love myself so no one will love me. I get it, but I'm never going to fully love myself. I don't understand why people are so much happier than me even in shitty situations. I'm loved and cared for by my friends and family. Why do I still want to end this?    I don't think I'll win in this fight, so I'd rather kill myself sooner rather than later so the people in my life can grieve and get over it and on with their lives. I'm going to lose this fight, I know it.   Can someone please talk to me? I don't like to tell these things to my sister because it makes her sad. Some help would be lovely. But I'm still here, at least today."
"The Miracle of $hoah It takes \~8 hours to fully cremate a body and process the remains (with today's technology). How many *millions* were allegedly cremated in WWII by the evil National Socialist Germans? \~2.5 million as some sources claim(ed)? Let us assume only 2 million were cremated. 2 million x 8 hours = 16 million hours to cremate/process the bodies of 2 million individuals. 16 million hours divided by 24 = 666666.666 days to accomplish the miracle $hoah. Take the result 666,666.666 days and divide by 360 to get the number of years and we get....*drum roll*.... 1851.85 years to cremate 2 million bodies at an efficient 8 hours cremation+processing time per body. Am I missing something? Let me know, please.   Question: 1) Am I considered a 'Holocaust Denier' for stating the above 2) Can I go to jail for stating the above? and 3) why do they put people in jail for 'Holocaust Denial'? What is the crime, specifically?  p.s. I do not hate Jewish people and I am not antisemitic;  I am semitic."
"ER lost my boyfriends passport (NYC) A few weeks ago I had to take my boyfriend to the ER because of extreme stomach pains. As I was checking him in he started screaming in pain, they asked for his passport for correct name spelling (he is Korean) and I was so flustered I didn't realize they didn't give me back the passport until later. Once I realized I went around the hospital searching and asking every department we went to, getting phone numbers etc - nobody seemed to know anything. I have called close to 50 times and left dozens of voicemails, everyone transfers me elsewhere, never picks up or never calls back. He is here on a student visa and his passport is his only form on identification. What can I do? I would like for them to at least pay for it but honestly not even the patient reps for the hospital will return my calls and I'm starting to get really pissed.   &amp;#x200B;  TLDR; ER lost my boyfriends passport, he's on a visa here and it's his only form of ID. Hospital won't take responsibility."
"With corona around i won't be finding friends or romance this year either I have been working on myself for 2 years, doing self improvement. I thought this was gonna be a good summer, maybe getting to find out what romance and sex is about and finding friends to fish with or swim. But noooo the corona comes around and fucks over all of my summer plans my summer is ruined, i can't gym anymore my gym is closed due to coorna, i cant do martial arts either because of corona.  im quite pissed off."
My super hero cat died on the 18 of June 2021 I am going to get his hashes soon but my birthday will be on this month I never killed myself because I had to take care of him bit now he is gone and the feeling taking care of him is now gone so I am planning to kill myself on my birthday Going to kill myself
"60-yr old father constantly asking for money - need advice My father has made good money his whole life, but also has a decades-long gambling problem he refuses to acknowledge, which has caused him to be in financial distress for as long as I can remember. He's constantly broke, always asking me (and everyone else) for money, and is perpetually days away from eviction.   He frequently calls me in tears asking for money, stating hes cold/hungry etc, saying he doesn't want to ""continue"" any more.  I make a good living, and can financially afford to help him out (and have in the past). But, the money I give never seems to help. He never makes any meaningful progress financially. I now have a wife and a baby on the way. It doesn't feel right taking my hard-earned money away from me and my new family, only to enable my dad.  He called me today again saying he's hungry and cold and needs a few dollars. I feel terrible saying no to giving him money (which I did tiday) - am I doing the right thing?"
"Income for 2018 is from selling my software to individuals outside the country, how do I report this on my taxes? Hello, late last year (2018) I sold software to an individual in China for 2.1 BTC, which I sold for roughly $16,600 USD. I didn't get any tax forms. I invested $10,600 of this into mutual funds, and kept $6000 in the bank.  Additionally and unrelated, I received $1,000 for a bug bounty report. I have filled out a W-9 for this. This is most of the money I made last year.  Early this year (2019), I sold software again to an individual in China for 5.1 BTC and sold it for roughly $20,000 USD. Like last time, no tax forms.  I have also made extra money on the side doing small programming projects and the likes, this cumulatively adds up to less than 3,000.  I am 19 years old living in the United States, have never had a real job, and I am a freshman college student living on campus this quarter.   I have a full tuition scholarship for college and only pay for housing &amp; board, so I do not have much expenses outside of gas, housing, and food. My mother gifted me a car (which the title is not in my name), and I have Molina health insurance, and StateFarm car insurance which my parents pay for.  My biggest concern is that I have never done taxes and don't know how, given this is my first year with any reasonable income. My parents are not aware that I have this money, and I would not like them to know about it if I can help it. I believe my parents intend on claiming me as a dependent on their taxes, as I have no job; however I am unsure whether or not I am considered a dependent, and how I should go about handling this with my parents if necessary."
"Don't know what to do I want to apologize in advance if my post breaks any rules, I hope it doesn't. It's my first time posting here on this subreddit and on Reddit in general.  I'm 26f. I started having minor anxiety attacks nearly a year ago, and they started increasing after my 22 yo cat died a couple of months later. Apart from the loss I had to endure, I started going through a period of drastical changes that really put me under stress and a more introspective point of view in life. To make some examples: I finally broke up with my sh***y bf after 6 years, I met someone unexpectedly and fell in love even though I was scared to death, I'm trying to get my Master Degree but I don't know what comes after, etc.  At first my anxiety was related to situations where I felt like I couldn't easily get out, like driving, being on a bus/train packed with people, being in crowds, taking long showers (idk why...) and so on. After I opened up to the person I'm dating I felt relieved, we even went on our first vacation together and I felt fine the entire time. I was surprised. I also went to Iceland with a group of people I met there and everything was under control. I felt like I could control it. In the past I suffered from depression and had suicidal thoughts (wow, writing this is very very tough.), and I'm going to a therapist since 4 years. She knows about my anxiety attacks and helped me manage them.  Long story short, I had a major attack while I was at the movie theater watching a very long movie. I was with my boyfriend and tried to repress it as much as I could. At the of the movie I bursted and it became a panic attack. I felt like shit. After that day I feel more vulnerable, but I did my best to control my anxiety. Until a couple of weeks ago. The situation dramatically changed and I'm experiencing everything at once. I don't know what to do. I need to cry many times a day, and it's weird for me. I feel exhausted. I get mad for minor things. I feel lonely. Yesterday night I almost had another panic attack because I thought I'll eventually lose control of everything and I will need to be put on meds, which scares the crap out of me. I feel desperate because I think it will either end up in being depressed again, or that I will get out of mind. I'm scared I will lose my boyfriend or that I'll have to leave him because I'm not myself. I'm scared it won't pass and that I will not do anything in my life.  The symptoms of my anxiety attacks are various and depends on the situation. I always feel like I'm gonna faint, my heart speeds up, my head gets dizzy, I feel like I'll either have a stroke or brain aneurysm. I can't think straight, I start to say stupid things. I shake. Sometimes I feel like I have to go to the bathroom so bad or that I'm gonna throw up. I also feel empty and terrorized.  I'm really trying to find the silver lining and to control it again. I want to make my dreams come true and live normally."
"I need some advice I'd like to start off by saying I've read through the sidebar a bit as a starting point. The situation is my best friend lives in my hometown and I moved several states away several years ago. We've stayed very close through a long distance friendship. She has had very strong emotional reactions to my moving away and she has expressed to me that she has trouble finding someone else to connect with the way she and I connected.   Recently she split from her husband. Her life has become more difficult as she had to move out of the family house. Since I'm not there I only know details she's shared with me, but she tells me she's extremely busy all the time and things are hard for her. Sometimes I don't hear back from her for days and I just worry until she responds to me.   I don't have much to base my fears on aside from a gut feeling. She has a history of depression. She doesn't share much with me when I ask her how she's doing. I can't be there to recognize any warning signs if there are any. She's living with a roommate and I don't think she spends much time with anyone who might be able to pick up on anything.    So I know this is a bit of an abstract concern, but I love her so much and I can't imagine ignoring my gut and having something happen. I'd like to reach out to her to let her know that I care for her. But I don't know how to address it. Should I continue to just tell her I love her and call me any time? Should I try to communicate to her somehow that I am afraid she's in a dark place and I can't see her to know about it? Is there something I can say that could disrupt any kind of thoughts she may or may not be having?    Thank you in advance for any advice. This seems like a great supportive place and I wish it was around when I was in my dark place."
"Medication I’m feeling really defeated about medication. Since being diagnosed 2 years ago I have had to change dose or medication every few months. I have tried multiple combinations and 10 different meds. It sometimes feels like I will never find the right fit for me. I also have been experiencing paranoia around my medication and have believed that it is being used for mind control and to hurt me. I’m not good at staying on it and every few months try to go off my meds. This landed me in the hospital last June due to sever depression. Right now I take a mood stabilizer, two antidepressants, and an antipsychotic.  This week I start the process of going off all the pills and will be getting the Invega Sustenna injection to replace them. I’m hoping that this works and I won’t have to think about my meds or take pills multiple times a day.  My doctor says it is normal for people with bipolar to struggle with taking medication. I’m nervous but hopeful for the injection.   What has been your experience? Please tell me I’m not alone."
"Looking for someone who understands My anxiety has gotten so bad in the past 2 years that doing anything is becoming very challenging. I am on the autism spectrum too and that definitely does not help me. I stutter really bad, I always get worried that the person has malicious intent even if I’m simply taking their order in a restaurant, I get dizzy and it feels like I’m losing balance, I slur my words and will say the wrong thing which only furthers the anxiety. And the medicine I took for it never helped me which is the worst part. Has anyone truly come close to recovering from the anxiety? I would like to try therapy but I am very poor and don’t have family support and I also don’t have insurance at the moment."
bout to down a bottle of fireball. going to be a long night. here we go
"3 men were on a plane. They spot a crying child beneath them. They decide to have a bet to see who can get the child to stop crying. They would each in turn drop a care package full of goodies to cheer the child up.  The first man flies the plane over and drops a box of food. Pizza, cookies, ice cream. A child's dream! Or so he thought. Upon inspection the child was still crying.  The second man decides to up the ante. He loads the plane with a truckload of toys and drops this in front of the child. The child continued to cry.  The third man laughed at his aquaintences. ""You fools! That's not a good way to stop a child from crying! I shall drop a bomb on him. Surely that will stop this pointless wailing!""  Realising the third man was about to murder an innocent child, the second man tried divert the plane. They wrestled for control, swerving left and right, causing the bomb to drop on a house next to where the boy was standing, leaving nothing but a wreckage and the child behind.  Much to their shock the child was now laughing hysterically.  ""We give you all these gifts and you kept crying, but this house gets destroyed and now you are laughing. Whatever for?!"" Said the men in shock.  The child replied through his fit of giggles. ""I just farted and this house fell down."""
"I hate being misunderstood but I don’t know what to do about it First of all, fuck social anxiety. You suck. Big time.   In social situations I’m constantly obsessing over saying the “right” things, appeasing the audience, and just having a lot of negative thoughts run through my head. This detracts from my ability to clearly say what I actually want to say, get across my ideas and depict who I really am in doing so. As a result, I act like a weirdo, can’t even get the right words out, don’t say shit when I’m obviously meant to, make myself seem dumb etc. I am misunderstood in every social situation and it fucking sucks. It feels so out of my control. I wish I could just stay cool, listen to people and respond confidently, in a way that is true to myself. I’ve been trying to put myself in more social situations to try and get used to doing this but it just keeps getting worse. I feel like a dumb fuck and the biggest fuck up every time. Life is fucking hard and we’re always being judged without ppl even knowing the shit we go through underneath and that just sucks. It makes sense and is very understandable but it sucks."
"Help with Skin Problems from Stress/Anxiety Hey everyone, I'm new to this community so apologies if this has been discussed before.   For the past year or so, I've had what is either eczema or psoriasis on my scalp, finger, eyelid, and lip. I'm vegan and gluten free, and eat quite well usually. I went to a naturopath today and she said that my high levels of stress are causing me to be unable to properly digest food, resulting in leaky gut and my skin problems. I also have pretty bad anxiety, especially after being sexually assaulted a few years ago.  At work, I overthink and set high standards for myself. I also feel pressure from my family, who expect me to be more successful than they are (even though they are quite well off).  I'm seeing a counsellor soon to address the sexual assault trauma, but is there anything else I can do to relieve stress or cope better? I want to be able to not get so anxious at work and become less self-critical. Has anyone had any success and are able to share their techniques?  (edit to break into paragraphs)"
"Is my 2 week old sleeping too much? Hello everyone,   we have been struggling to get our new baby back to his original weight and getting enough breast milk to actually nurse him good but over the weekend everthing finally clicked. He slept, he said when he wanted to get fed and he gained weight. Over the last 2 days though his weight stayed the same and today he lost 10g again. Over the whole day he is sleeping way more then usual and not drinking much when offered. Is this normal? Should we be more concerned?    He was born 23.09. so 2 weeks 1 day old now."
"Why would magnum calibers not be allowed on the longest range, when they are allowed on the other ranges at the same gun club? Shopping around for my first bolt-action for long range shooting and just curious why would they make this rule? I was pretty set on 300 Win Mag before seeing this on my club's website. All calibers are allowed on the range maxing out at 400 yards. On the range that goes past 800 yards, magnum calibers are not allowed. I'm looking to get my own gun to practice, and this affects my decision."
Why does this disease debilitate us? I’m in a headspace where I want to jump in front of a car and fucking kill myself. Problem? I can't get off the couch because the weight of my anxiety has me stuck here. Guess I can't die tonight as much as I want to.
"Everyone I know doesn’t care about anyone but themselves I’ve always been a selfless person my whole life and now this past year of depression I’ve realized nobody actually cares about me. People pretend like they do, and it’s only because they like that I fuckin entertain them. But they don’t actually care about my well being. I’ve stopped being social with pretty much everyone bc of this. I wish I had some friends that were selfless, that’s what I need right now. Not all these selfish, fake ass people concerned with the next time I can be a fuckin clown for them. I know a lot of people would like having people to talk to when they’re depressed but I honestly just want to be left alone in this time. Which I can barely ever get some alone time in my family and with my schedule so I just feel pressure every day to please all these people. When on the inside I just don’t care about anything. I’m just tired of living like this. I’m anxious and tired from the moment I wake up till the moment I go to sleep. Fuck depression"
"Experienced something...exhilarating? I like to meditate in the bathtub, and yesterday when I was a few minutes in it felt like all of my surroundings kind of “dissolved” and I just sort of became free-floating in the universe. And I felt a jolt of energy that I could really only compare to the moment you’re at the top of a roller coaster and it starts to drop down... I’ve experienced something similar while I’m laying in bed and imagine that my bed is floating, but never to this extent. It’s not something I ever expected to feel while meditating, but it was kind if nice. Has this happened to anyone? I would love some insight"
"12000 mg of tylenol, 964 mg of ibuprofen, some valsartan for good measure I’m 16, female, and weigh about 120 pounds. I took 24 x 500mg of tylenol I took 32 x 30mg of ibuprofen  And god knows how much valsartan i took, to hopefully make me pass out.  Will I die, or should i just call this suicide a failure &amp; call for help."
"I don’t want to wake up I’m only 16, yet I just don’t see anything getting better. At school I have no real friends to spend breaks with. Today I spent half of lunch in the bathroom and the other half in the library. I didn’t eat because I am too embarrassed to be seen alone. School is awful. Honestly the only thing keeping me alive right now is gaming. I play one game and it’s literally my only source of happiness. If I could I would fast forward 10 years. Maybe I would be happy then. I have 2 years left at my school. I’m not sure if I can survive another 2 years of absolute misery. Life really doesn’t seem worth living. I’m so close to just ending it. I cut myself a lot tonight after a year or so of being clean. I can’t do this anymore. I have no one to talk to... the ‘friends’ I talk to in lessons don’t care about me, like at all. I’m always the second choice, no one would willingly talk to me. Literally the only things keeping me alive are my fish and gaming. I wouldn’t want my fish to die because of me. I don’t have a good relationship with my parents. Im willing to bet most people would forget about me pretty soon after I died. I’m so close to just drinking bleach but I don’t want to make my family find my body. There’s literally no hope for me in the future. I’m so fucking done."
"Almost everyone forgot my birthday again For the second time in a row almost all of my friends and family forgot my birthday, which is made worse by having a leap year birthday so I only actually have one every 4 years anyway."
"Nonverbal communication, humans vs. animals I was recently diagnosed and am reflecting on some things. In particular the idea of nonverbal communication. I wouldn't have thought it was something I struggle with. I definitely pick up on it, but it can be overwhelming and confusing sometimes, especially if I make eye contact with someone. And there are plenty of occasions where I've misinterpreted cues or missed them altogether.  &amp;#x200B;  Several years ago my mom decided to get a pony. At one point she decided it was cold and needed a blanket. She tied it to a fence post and proceeded to put a blanket on it. The pony was not keen on this idea and took off running, fence post in tow. So now the pony is being chased around the pasture by a fence post and is in an absolute panic. It finally got free of the post but after that it wanted nothing to do with humans.  So I go out to the pasture with the intent of getting close to this pony. To me it's very clear how my actions are affecting her emotional state. Staring at her while walking is an obvious red flag, even just facing her direction puts her on edge. So I start getting close by not walking directly in her direction, little bits at a time. Sometimes walking away, but always very casual, usually with my back or side turned to her. I would only glance at her occasionally so she knew I was aware of her but also totally indifferent. Before I tried touching her I got close enough to do it but walked away a couple times first. I mostly didn't talk but when I did it was very soft. It was a very delicate dance and it took several tries, I kept overstepping boundaries too early and resetting the process, but it eventually worked. I found out later that it was basically a textbook example of how professional horse trainers do it, go figure.  &amp;#x200B;  If that pony could talk I could promise it oats and it might respond by telling me it's ok to get close on the condition of getting oats. But it would still be noticeably nervous, and that would confuse me. I feel like people do this sometimes."
"How do you get over anxiety? English is not my first language I'm sorry.  How do you really get over anxiety? Or at least continue your life without you constantly overthinking stuff? I really try to get better, I really do.   Anxiety broke me to the point that I never wanted to go out my room. So I didn't go out. I didn't go until I was stable enough to go out. When I did, my anxiety got worse. Everyone I knew was ahead of me and I'm afraid that I'll never be able to catch up."
"Nevermore... One day quarantine will end. Sooner or later, people will return to their habits, to their hang outs with each others. Not me. I've been isolated for so much longer my social skills are...  Nevermore.  &amp;#x200B;  I've become a lone wolf, full of scars, pain and misery, yet strong, independent and confident. I've never dreamed about becoming one. But what else could I have been when my past life is....  Nevermore.  &amp;#x200B;  My heart is full of love, aching to be released from my lonely chest. To find someone to be given to. It will never happen, I know it. I'm struggling to accept it, but what else can I do when my past relationships ended up so badly and are...  Nevermore.  &amp;#x200B;  I have so much will to live. Will to experience life at its fullest. So many dreams and desires to be brought alive, to make them beautiful and special. It does not matter. Because they are all...  Nevermore.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm full of thoughts and ideas, ready to be shared, to be expressed. So many of them, glorious, innovative, unique. Yet no one will ever know about them. My will to bring them into the light is...  Nevermore.  &amp;#x200B;  Though I am still here, walking amongst you. My loneliness shall remain unbroken and with it, my soul shall be lifted...  Nevermore."
How long does Capital One 360 Checking take to 'activate'? So I signed up for the Capital One 360 savings account and it asked me if I wanted to sign up for a 360 checking as well and I figured why not. But I only see the savings account listed in my account? Does the checking account take some time to activate?
"Feeling really crappy about myself tonight Struggling tonight - not so much with anxiety, but more so with a low mood and feelings of general rubbishness about myself. I can't help but compare myself to the people around me; they're working, they're in education, they're socialising and functioning and have their self esteems seemingly intact. I, on the other hand, have no aspirations right now other than getting by minute-by-minute.   I guess I just wanted to vent a little. It's hard because people are out there travelling and doing all that critical personal growth stuff, meanwhile I'm probably exactly the same as I was when I was 16."
"I was pulled over for speeding in AZ which I found out is a criminal offense. What should I do? I’m a new resident in AZ and was recently pulled over for going 95 in a 65 at 3am.  It was dumb, definitely should not have gone that fast. I had no idea that it was a criminal offense. I was also slapped with a civil citation for pulling over on the wrong side of the road on the highway. I’ve never been pulled over before or gotten any sort of ticket. I was freaked out and just pulled over to the closest area I saw. I’m planning on pleading guilty at the arraignment because I would rather pay the fine and deal with a misdemeanor than deal with a who knows how long trial and paying lawyers. I just want to put it behind me. I suppose my question would be what is going to happen to me at court? Am I going to have to spend time in jail? This is my first offense ever and that terrifies me. Any advice on what might happen best/worst case scenario would be very helpful."
"Does anyone ever get an attack—when NOTHING is happening? You could be comfy, watching your favorite show. Absolutely safe. Maybe just chilling at work. Maybe eating something, everything is all well and good and you know it.  Then sudden BOOM nausea, your hands and feet are dripping in sweat, your chest hurts, a feeling of dread washes over, you cant breathe (which to me is the worst part...)  Why? Why do I get terrifying strong attacks when one second before everything was completely fine? This is how my attacks have come for nearly two years now. Hitting randomly and hard at times where im not even initially anxious."
"Would refininancing my car be beneficial to trying to pay it off early? I got my car at the end of 2015 and am a first time car buyer. I currently have just under 6500 left owed on my car and also about 10 months ahead on my scheduled payments. ( been paying more then minimum amount plus lump sums every so often.) I have an interest rate of 9.9. Since I have had my car my credit has become alot better aswell. My minimum monthly payment is 339 but ive been paying 400 a month to help pay it off.   If I refinance I know that my interest rate and monthly payment will lower but if I understamd correctly my payment plan will extend, but if i keep paying the same amount monthly that I currently am would that help to pay my car off faster and save my from paying crazy amounts in interest? Would the extension of the payment plan even matter if I keep up my current payments?  Any and all input is greatly appreciated."
A 22yo booring life I'm really tired of everything I can't do nothing anymore like I really dont give a f about anything around me I hate everything. Always thinking about ending it all but never had the courage. After a little cry in the morning I just tell myself that this could be the day I die wear my masks and get out. I was for a long time and still the nice shy guy  the one who's always smiling and making silly jokes the clown. Never been in a relationship I tried didn't work out I stopped trying. I always found It hard to express my feelings thats why I never did I really cant express anything . I spend most of my time (90%) in my suicidal thoughts or (10%) while outside just falling in love with the world or people I met (not all) in the journey without having a single word with them.  Simple things but this is my first time telling anyone this kind of things. It literally took me more than 40mn to write this lol. Stay strong love y'all.
"Suddenly not in 100% control What Happened? When? All's I know is that I  used to be an after work, few beers then go home, and now I'm shooting vodka neat as I sit down at the bar and order a beer.  Then another. Still no buzz. Then I'm drunk, bit I didn't get the relaxing feel I used to get. It's now just a daily bullshit struggle to not drink to early in the day.  Really sucks.   I was an active mountain biker, skier, kite surfing and out of no where I have no desire to do anything but get through work, the day, and award myself with vodka shot and beers til I pass out and repeat.   I think I'm just bored.  Money's no issue. I somehow lost the list for life. I barely look at women anymore, and find myself saying go away because I don't feel like having a conversation. I'd rather sit here on my phone at a lively bar, alone, watch chive TV, eat and drink. Then go back to my hotel and pass out. Wake up, answer emails, make the calls, whatever and then try and find something to do all day that isn't drinking. Yes I travel for work, 10 mos a year. I really wish I could find that lust for life I used to have, I remember not drinking night before I would be riding, skiing, or biking early the next day. It's been a decade."
"Hello everyone, i was reading a lot of your stories and i always wanted to post something but never did because i did not want to bother anyone and i felt that i did not deserved any attention.But in some extreme efforts to try to get better, i convinced myself to do it, so here i am.Since i Can remember, i always had a lot of depression phases 2/3 times a year, but i was at maximum a month. Unfortunately, i had a big trauma in 2017, an since then, I am depressed all day. I tried some medication in a short period of Time (2 months) but i could not recognize myself as i take it. I was miserable, could not do anything and when i realized i go panic attacks that made it worth. And even After that, when i tried to stop medication, i could not stop right away because of the weaning time. So now I am scared of that but i still feel, it is the only solution.I am followed by a psychiatrist and a psychologist, so I am not on my own. Also, even if it is like carrying a Mountain, i made my life proper again. I start a formation in september in alternation, I am in a relationship and everything is going well, and he understands and help me with this, I am getting my driver license (which was hard to start because of traumatism younger) .... So it is really good ! But the more i try to move forward in life, the more i feel bad.My brain feels foggy, my heart hurts me everytime, i wake up everyday only wanting to end me and my day and i needs so much effort not to have any rewards. Everything is worst than before. I am doing sport every two days, I am forcing myself to have some sociabilisation, I am good looking, I am still clever.... But i cannot be happy and it feels like there is nothing i cannot do at this point. Even worse, people just tell me that they do not know why i feel so miserable while i got everything for me. I feel guilty not to be better, and it sadden me even more. it is an awful loop where I am in and .... I do not know how to just resist again and again, having less and less energy and being a hundreth of what i was ...Sorry for this long story, i really do not want to be a burden and i Hope that every people that come here just go better One step forward, two stepbacks"
"Advice about my goals and my routine So quick overview of my history and fitness level. I had always been a pretty fit guy and always active until my children came into this world. Working full time and being a father took a lot of time and motivation to stay fit away from me. At my peak fitness level I weighed around 190-195. I started realizing how crappy I was starting to look and feel and when I saw my weight at 216 I was kind of shocked and I committed to getting back down to around 195 and just getting into an overall healthy and fit state.  I have never actually been in the business of trying to lose weight, as I had never been unhealthy and overweight. The first week of January I started eating a lot better and I bought a pair of Bowflex Selecttech 552 dumbbells and a bench. I am not on any specific diet, just committed to eating a lot healthier and cutting out all the soda, beer, sugar, fast food etc. I have been lifting weights and doing core exercises about 6 days a week and stacking cardio on top of it about 2 days a week. I have a whey protein shake after every workout. In 12 days I had lost 11 pounds and was down to 205 and was looking a lot leaner and more toned so I was pretty happy about that and kind of shocked at how quick and easy it was for me. However, the last week I seem to have put on a few more pounds and I don't seem to be losing anymore fat around my midesection where I have been holding most of my weight. I understand since I have been lifting weights quite a bit that I am going to put on some muscle weight. I guess my question is should I be lifting a little less, say 4 or 5 days a week and adding more cardio to my routine in order to burn that excess fat or should I stick with what I am doing? Is it common to lose weight that quickly and then kind of level off?  I am not overly concerned about what the number on the scale says, just trying to burn off the excess fat and build a more lean, athletic, and toned body.   Like I said before I have never actually had to try to lose weight so this is a first for me and any advice would be appreciated."
[story] Soles of feet Been punish in soles of feet has left me with constant pain; unable to walk when the it flairs up.
"I just got engaged and I’m terrified I’m gonna f^ck everything up. Planning a wedding is so hard, I’m scared I’m gonna turn it into a huge disaster! Or drive my fiancé away by showing him ten thousand different Pinterest ideas that I need to start working on RIGHT THIS SECOND. I also only want to think about the fun stuff, like music and cakes and centerpieces. It’s grueling to try to think about venues and guest lists and menus. How do I keep myself on track and keep myself from jumping five steps ahead to something more interesting?"
What would you call auschwitz if it was filled with dinosaurs? Jewrassic park
"Along that equator. . . Recently, A area on google earth has been blacked out... i wanted to go around that equator *or around that area and found something quite interesting...check out these coords.  58°50'57.00""N   60°43'21.61""W stretched circle   34°52'28.26""N   11°22'21.73""E Full circle  I feel like what they blocked out isnt land but something like a shadow.  .  . I looked back in time on google earth (Google earth pro) And there was absolutely no land."
I’m not gonna make it I’m trying my best but I know I won’t. I’ll be surprised if I make it to the end of the semester. I’ve already written the note for when the time comes. I’m really trying to keep going for my mom but the pressure of school and adult life is weighing me down big time. I’m cutting to stay alive but I know even that will fail me. I’m just ready for it to be over
Rant My dad hung himself when I was 13. Now suicide is in my mind and why would anyone care if I... I get angry sometimes. I don't have a successful relationship. My girlfriend is great but I'm not present most of the time. I can't stand living with this darkness holding me down... I'm starting to think I'd be be nothing but a failure in life if I don't address things now. I don't know where to go or who to turn to... I try to tell my friends but I can't speak about it openly. Only half of the truth really. I'm surrounded by a lot of good people but I feel lonely most of the time. I can't go on like this
"Question about my daughter Hi everyone. For the past few months, my daughter has been getting minor anxiety attack so she says. She wants to go see a therapist but we have not gotten around to it.   This morning, my son found her in our (5am) car asleep, and she got up and was very out of it. She then took a shower and just seemed completely disoriented. It’s now 6:20pm and we talked over the phone and she said she didn’t remember anything of that morning or when she went to sleep. She said that today, until now, she felt very disoriented and depersonalize, like she wasn’t herself and like she didn’t know at all what was going on or even who she was to an extent.  Is this something that is experienced with anxiety? I would love for someone to help me figure out this situation."
"Really, life is not meant to be lived. I've been feeling lonely since I was 16 but, over all, I've felt this way all my life. I have no friends. I hate college, I'm close to finishing it but I just can't seem to do that shit anymore. I feel pathetic for craving affection so much. I started having suicidal thoughts in 2012 but didn't start cutting until November last year. I have even written 2 letters but I find them long and useless but I feel my family deserves an explanation if I ever do something like that. But in general, really, no one would miss me. Those people who are like ""you're one of my best friends"" but then ignore you can kiss my ass. People are useless and egocentric. I don't know if I suffer from some mental illness because I've never been to a doctor to get a proper diagnosis. Sometimes I feel there's something but I also think I may be just making that shit up, maybe I just want someone to pay attention to me?! But I don't want attention either. I feel I shouldn't complain as I've read lots of people saying that they had to deal with some shit when they were kids (maybe they were abused) and none of that kind of shit has happened to me. Some kids picked up on me when I was a kid but it didn't actually fucked me up. Maybe it helped to my self-esteem but I've always had low self-esteem so I don't think it counts whatsoever. But as I've grown older I've developed this useless, disgusting lifestyle. I mean, I don't get out of the house unless I have to, I just don't like socializing because I think I'm gonna make a fool out of myself and come off as creppy, weird and stupid so I'd better stay in. I don't really have many friends but I also don't want to hang out. When I get asked if I'd like to go out to grab some food I always say ""thanks, but no."" I really don't know how to have a conversation with anyone. I spend all day in front of my computer doing anything. Maybe watching some movies and listening to music but that's it. I feel bored most of the time and I see I have no future. I detest when people say that life gets better because it doesn't and I just know I don't want to try. I know I'll be alone for the rest of my life. I know I'll have (if I'm lucky) a little apartment and a stupid job and no one to share my life with. I already feel alone but I see the future will be even lonelier and I really don't want to face that. I just wish I were someone else. Someone who is loved and enjoys life. I really hate that I just seem not to have the guts to do it. Last Decemeber I told myself I'd not see 2018 and here I am but I still think about it. And if I knew I'd kill myself successfully I'd do it right away. I hate my life. And I wish I had never been born."
"Tired of feeling like a failure... There are people out there enjoying life, are rich as hell and have made more money in a day than I will in my entire life. Yet here I am struggling, jobless actually avoiding working for my families sake while this pandemic goes on. Either way I just feel like a failure, I'd love to be rich doesn't everyone? Yet I just don't have the confidence or see myself ever making it. I have a degree in computer networking too, yet I've only had one IT related job since then and it was pretty basic and poor pay and I eventually lost the job. Being an extreme introvert really doesn't help in social life, job life and if you are an introvert I'd say there's probably less chance of being rich and successful though obviously it isn't impossible. My life is in no means actually bad though I have it fairly okay, even if I am eventually going to have to get a job if my money gets too low. It just sucks feeling the way I do and feeling like a failure."
This one just came to me on the shitter and i needed to jot it down What's a sodomite's favorite planet?  Uranus   I'm ready for the dowmvotes
"16 YO W/ No Financial Experience I am currently 16 years old. I recently (Summer 2018) moved from west coast to midwest with a planned move to europe this year in summer. I attend school and work. I make roughly 75$ paycheck every 2 weeks. My mother has terrible spending habbits was in massive debt (house sale barely covered the debt) and still owes some money and I have nowhere i can get proper financial advice from.I have a checking account under my moms account.  I am looking for advice on a few things: 1. I would like to setup an account without fees if possible but my mom financially cannot manage a second bank account, can I open one on my own (I assume not but would like to check) and what would be the best way to do this. 2. Is there a way I could open an account under my mom in some sort of online checking/saving without her actually having an account? 3. Our move is going to be large and I am looking to have saved as much as possible (goal being 3,000$) so that I have a financial cushion for myself. How can I do this? 4.best way to save my money, anything i need to put it towards? 5. Any financial advice you would believe helpful!  Thank you everybody for your help!"
"“Bonus” not getting paid on time Hello PF. I need advice on how to handle an unfortunate employer situation. For the last two quarters, my quarterly “bonus” has not been paid on time. This bonus, as they call it, is somewhat unlike a traditional bonus. I work in the medical field, and my bonus is basically commission. It is a part of my contract and the amount is standardized. I have a certain monthly threshold for billing, and I receive a calculated bonus based on how far above that threshold I am. It is calculated monthly and paid quarterly. I work my ass off and am consistently at 150% to 175% of my threshold. As a result my bonus is quite large and constitutes about a quarter of my income. And again, it is in my contract. It’s not just some arbitrary amount I receive for doing a good job occasionally. My employer seems to take liberties with the fact that it happens to be called a bonus and rather than adding it to the first paycheck after the quarter, as I was told, they basically pay it whenever they want. Last quarter it was over a month late. I work for a mid sized hospital, I technically know the person in charge of the bonus payout as we are on a committee together but I have no personal relationship with them. My department director assured me it would not happen again, but today would be my next payout and only my standard paycheck has been deposited. What are my options? They are late on paying me a contractual portion of my income, to me this is unacceptable."
"Anxiety I’ve became so introverted and developed a bit of social anxiety, especially after having my son and after moving to a big city. I am a 22 year old stay at home mom and i do some artwork for people as my own little job. The only time I leave the house is to take my son to go do things, or even just a walk or the park. I don’t even talk to other adults.. the only person I really talk to is my bf/son’s dad. And then just old friends on social media. Rarely do I ever see anyone else.  My son is going to be 4 next year, starting school... and I was going to try and go to college at the same time. But honestly the thought of going there terrifies me. The thought of being around people my age, mostly younger, mostly people who don’t have kids, and mostly people who party a lot and have social lives.. idk why but it gives me pure anxiety. I know I could just avoid that, but the thought of being a weird outcast gives me anxiety as well.  I also tend to get even more self conscious being around others. I get scared people think I’m too short or childlike or something. Idk why but it just gets me anxious to the point I don’t want to go. I am hoping to find some online courses instead cause of this.. I hate that I’m like this. Its not even just the people there that scare me.. the thought of being away from my son does too. I know I’ll have to be apart from him when he goes to school, but at least if I’m at home I can always go and get him whenever he needs me, or if he gets sick, or etc.. idk anymore but I’m feeling so discouraged about everything. I of course also have a fear of getting nowhere in life and not being able to get a good job for my son and I. I’m not expecting much response from this post. I just felt like I had to spill this out somewhere"
"Realising your mental state and life is unfixable sucks Just started to realise this. Been working my way to suicide last year but it didn't work out.    So I'm trying my best (how ironic) to just feed myself everyday, and not letting my emotions burden the ones I love (or any person I come across). Basically just existing plainly.   I really wished I could show affection to those I love and care about. But I realise that without any qualities as a person, I'm better off just not being a nuisance and a liability.   Feeling lonely sucks. I wished I feel loved by those whom I love. But staying away (while not killing myself)  is my only way to protect them from myself.   Oh well. Thanks for listening."
Is it just me who has different moods and that the depression comes and goes So basically sometimes I can be feeling a bit better and feel good for the day but then at night or the next few days I feel like absolute shit and don’t want to live plus my mood changes so damn often that I get angry and annoyed at myself and the only to kinda calm down is to listen to sad music.   Also I get the feeling that It’s good that I’m sad I don’t deserve happiness I’m a shitty person. Everything happens so often for me that I can barely catch up or understand how I’m feeling. And just right now typing this I have so many thoughts I wanna express with words but can’t... man this sucks
"Is it possible to be mindful throughout the day. I have my good and bad days with meditation practice but after every practice I remind myself to be mindful for atleast one activity through out the day and I remind myself to stop resisting the change ( which I have noticed is one of the prime reason for my stress and frustration), although as soon as I am out of my practice I forgot what I decided and goes on with my day unconscious, resulting in same frustration, stress, anger and disappointments. Do you experience the same thing and how do you deal with it?"
"Been struggling for a while, now GF is knocked up, feeling completely broken, lost, and alone. I've been struggling with depression for most of my adult life.  Found out last Thursday that my GF is pregnant, and I've been able to think of little else along with the rest of my failures.  Self medicated through all of my 20s, stuck in a career I hate because I can't bring myself to make any kind of change.  Just treading water and living day-to-day is hard enough.  Been sober for 8 months now, at least, but emotionally worse than ever.  Never had a relationship until my current GF, who is borderline emotionally (and sometimes physically) abusive and doesn't trust me for no reason at all.  Yet we've been together for almost a year because I'm too much of a pushover to get her out of my life, and at least it's nice to have someone around who 'cares' about me.    She wasn't on birth control and the condom fell off.  Only time I've ever finished in her, and this happens.  It's something I always stressed about, knowing the risk, and it feels like a cruel joke.  Despite being 31, I feel like I'm still a child.  I'm not ready for this.  We have tentatively decided to abort if the pregnancy continues (another blood test Wed.), but she has mental/emotional issues of her own and I'm terrified she'll change her mind.  She says she doesn't think it's a big deal and she's not ready either, but I honestly have no idea how or what she thinks.  Early blood test suggested possible miscarriage but that doesn't seem to be the case.  I feel ashamed even hoping for that.  Researching abortion and I feel like, 'who are you?!'.  I can't even believe this is happening and I feel like I'm stuck in some kind of nightmare.  I felt like things were on the upswing a year ago.  I had been working out consistently for a couple years, eating better, started dating, was investigating career options, quitting drugs.  But in the last year I've backslid tremendously and I don't think I've ever felt more lost and alone in my life.  I'm disappointed every time I wake up in the morning.  I don't do anything at work because I simply can't.  Barely know what I'm doing anymore and have no focus or drive.  And right now I feel like I'm at a real crossroads.  It's always one step forward and two steps back.    I have no one in my life I can talk with this about, so I'm just venting here."
"Ex is allowing our daughter around a pedophile So we've been divorced for 3 years. We were together for 12, married for 10 and have a 5 year old daughter.  Very early in our relationship my ex started talking to an old boyfriend of hers. I quickly learned that she was being dishonest with me about it and trying to meet up with him secretly as well. It started coming up all the time and we fought about it a lot.  Eventually I realized there was a pretty big age difference from when they met. She was 11 and he was almost 16. They continued to see each other over the years. When he was in college she would go to stay with him even though she was only 13. Not only is this gross and inappropriate, it's illegal. Her parents were well aware of this but turned a blind eye because he came from money.  My ex told me plenty of stories about how inappropriate the relationship was. She knew it was wrong. Fast forward to our marriage falling apart and she contacts this guy again. I begged her not to bring our daughter around this guy. She started trying to lie about his age. She denied ever telling me any of the stories or she claimed I was making them up completely. She even lied to our therapist about it.  Well, my daughter let it slip that she had met him recently. I blew up on my ex but was met with the usual lies and stonewalling. I'm at a loss as to what to do. As far as I know he doesn't have a record so I can't legally do anything to keep him away from her. There's no reasoning with my ex considering she's been lying to me about this for 15 years now.  Anyways, i guess I just needed to vent. Thanks for reading."
"Constantly feel like a failure. I started a new job a few months ago and I feel like I can’t do anything right. I know there is a learning curve, but I feel like I constantly mess up. Sometimes I feel like everyone has a tally in their head and they are all keeping track. Anyone else have a rough time making mistakes? How do you deal? How do you allow yourself some grace to learn without feeling like you should be carted off to jail and publicly shamed for not being perfect?"
"Y’all, I got braces thinking it’d help me restrict. Surprise it didn’t!  I’m just gnawing on the tortilla of my burrito after I sucked out all the beans because I feel hypoglycemic from not eating all day. Fucking end me."
"A poem I wrote, in hopes of achieving a bit of self-therapy. I really wanted to share this poem somewhere to allow myself to vent some feelings that I've been holding in lately. My 'support' group tends to roll their eyes and dismiss my issues as inconvenience, and I spend a LOT of time alone. As a result I've been having anxiety attacks every day lately and my heart just can't take it anymore.  I have to let this out somewhere. I've done a lot of soul searching and I intend to find some new friends once I feel stable. I have a fiance who I love more than anything and he is incredible when it comes to helping me, but sometimes one person just isn't enough. He works 10 hour days every day (sometimes 7 days a week). I don't want to lean so hard on him that he breaks. He is the 'one and no other' at the end of the poem.  Also looking to get back on my medication, which works wonders for me, however my medicaid application is stuck in limbo, and has been for almost a year. It is a work in progress. In the meantime, I'm losing it.    Anyway, here's the poem. Thanks for reading.  Just Breathe  By Originalluff    I need to vent.  Thinking hard about things that I’ve said and I meant.   My heart is pounding,   So much hurt, It’s astounding.  My hands shake  Legs quake.   Tears in my eyes that my feelings do make.     Self therapy is what this is to me.  Not a cry for attention, an attack or a plea.  Naught but a hope that the flow will set me free.  I try and try to reach out for support.  To the family and friends that have built up rapport.   For not being there,   not one hide or hair.   Until they miss me, they dismiss me.   “Sorry, I’m just too busy.”   It’s listening they can’t but excuses are on cue.  “What do you want from me, what am I supposed to do?”   If I wanted a puppet  I’d sit and I’d stuff it.   Then cram my hand up it   And just make it say ‘fuck it’   I feel like a tool, a burden, a problem.   I try to talk it all out but my words never reach them.    Anxiety is real, and medication is absent,  So when seratonin is ownin’,   I wonder where my support went.    It’s ok, I know. To help me is a lot.   But when I need you, I need you and it’s there that you’re not.   This one of those things I’ve thought of a lot.  Now I believe actions, and words I do not.    Anyone I know can say “I’m here for you”  Sounds good, looks good and feels like it too.  How to feel like you’re helping, while still doing what you do.   No family on the holidays, no friends on any other.   When anxiety is killing me, I turn to one and no other.   Thanks for nothing, you’ll hurt me no more.   And my problems and pain will no longer cause you to snore."
"I am going to share with you something that has always cheered me up and calmed me down whenever I get really anxious over my health So this sub only seems to really have posts from users describing their symptoms and trying to get diagnosed on Reddit, now if that helps you with your anxiety that's cool, however it can be counter intuitive as the whole googling and obsessing over symptoms is the actual problem we all came here to rid ourselves in the first place. So I honestly do believe we should move more away from ""I have x,y,z symptoms am I going to die?"" to ""How can I find peace of mind and stop googling""    One thing I do to get peace of mind is watch this episode of [Hey Arnold](https://www.wco.tv/hey-arnold-season-2-episode-5-monkey-business-2) which is my all time favourite show (it's only the first episode in the video provided called 'monkey business' btw), I won't ruin it for you all, but it's really funny and will hit home for all of us, it highlights how silly we can be sometimes when we think we have a really bad illness and start obsessing over symptoms. Hopefully it can help you all in your journey in controlling your hypochondria like it has done for me."
"Will I be this way forever? Who else here is overweight? I’ve been this way all my life and I’ve recently (1 year and some ago) started dieting and lost and gained a lot here and there. But my issue is no matter what diet I follow or what I do, I always fall off at some point. Something always makes me stop. I can’t figure out why. I know how to eat, cook healthy and exercise so I don’t need standard food advice. But I just can’t stay committed? I always start off super well then crash hard with in less than a month or more. How the hell can I push past this never-ending cycle of commitment issues?"
"How do I get rid of my anxiety? So I was feeling really happy for a month because tried my best to be me and ignore judgemental people that surround me. I didn't feel any anxiety all throughout until I made a mistake when I was calculating my bus fee per month. My aunt was disappointed at me for making the wrong answer. She told me ""how did you even pass to make it at this point?""   ""Why are you like this?"" ""Why do you think like that?"" ""use your brain more""   I was so down when she said that, it's like my whole world collapsed. Now the phrase keeps repeating in my head like a broken record player. So I realized my anxiety just came back, and it's destroying my self-esteem. How do I go back to being happy? I don't know how I can get back up.. I feel drowning again."
"I think I’m going to join the military because I don’t know what else to do with my life. I might as well die knowing I was somewhat useful I really don’t have a single other thing to live for at this point. I honestly don’t give two shits about this country, or any country for that matter. I’ll just join so I can use it as a means of dying with some dignity. Obviously I’m not going to just charge out and hope to be shot. I’ll fight back, but I’ll welcome death if it comes to me. I would have no will of returning home. I would fully intend to die fighting and put an end to my miserable life. My Mom failed to get an abortion when she had the chance, and I see this as the only respectful way of fixing her mistake."
"Alan Carr method I'm trying to quit booze and have stumbled on Alan Carr as a sort of, reverse psychology approach to alcoholism.  Anyone read his works?"
"For the past 2 months, I have eaten 200 calories a day and I have not lost any weight at all. My ultimate goal weight is to look like the average 22 year old British woman. The majority of women in their early 20's are slim and eat a lot.I am a UK size 30. The average 22 year old woman in the UK is a size 8 and eats no less than 3000 calories a day. I count calories and I measure my food and for the past 2 months I have eaten less than 200 a day.I have tried everything to lose weight and I no longer want to be alive. I would do anything for a normal early 20's metabolism. I have starved myself for 2 months and I have not lost any weight"
"Every time I take my AR15 pistol to the pistol range, everyone packs up and leaves within a minute or two. .223 out of an 8.5"" barrel is music, I can't understand why people don't love it. It's not like it's an Obrez or something ridiculous.   On the plus side, I get the range all to myself for a while until someone else comes... for a minute or two before packing up and leaving too."
does caffeine fuck with you guys I decided to have a 300mg caffeine drink today I never ever ever drink caffeine and right now I’m so fucking anxious and can’t chill out like literally I can’t fucking calm down and idk if it’s contributed to the caffeine or if I’m just naturally losing my mind I’m paranoid and keep getting intrusive thoughts and it’s making me near panic I have no one to talk to I’m just getting lost in thoughts currently fuck
"The written word of exercise Are there any good books you can recommend that help with setting your own plan, recipes, basic understanding of how the body works with regards to muscle groups and calorie intake and all that jazz. Thanks."
How do you get out of a deep hole you dug yourself in? I don't want to have self pity. I want to get out of this shit but how
"It’s my first time here but I’m afraid Im back where I started. My depression is a really long story.  It originates from being the third girl (the first two were always best friends and there wasn’t time for me ) in the family with parents that thought I was fine and just cried a lot.  And then the bullying in middle school for my race and the outcasting from my age group in church.  Then my in laws who trying to convince me to get over my pregnancy losses right after they happened.   But now I have an 8 month old son that I do everything I can do for and bring lights into my world. I thought everything would be good because I had something to live for. However, I’m expecting my second and trying to get a career at home going, and I feel just as depressed as before I became a mom. I never wanted to be back here. I thought I beat it. But I’m here crying because I feel like I don’t matter. Even though I’m expecting a child, no one asks how it’s going. No one tries to make sure we’re okay, no one asks about the exciting details even though they were excited before. I try to get my mind off of it by continuing my YouTube videos because it’s become my passion. But I want to share my passion and yet the fact that I share my content and no one subscribes makes me feel so important. I know subs don’t happen right away but it’s the fact that I work hard (and it’s Disney!) and trying to hard to put in the effort for something I really care about and no one cares.   No one cares.   It’s killing me. I feel like my own doctor doesn’t care and she used to treat me like we were actually friends. Everyone I think of in my life that should know what’s going on with my depression, I know will downplay what I’m feeling or just say to pray it out and I’ll feel better. It won’t make me feel better.  I want someone to understand that. I don’t know how to feel like I matter again. I hate thinking that the world wouldn’t change if I died but it’s feeling normal again. I’m starting to not care about gaining weight again and I was gaining a good amount before (I was proud of it but literally no one else was; I’m underweight). I don’t know what to think anymore. I don’t want to give in to my depression again but I’m breaking and I don’t know when it’s too late."
"Rust Oleum Rust Dissolver on firearms I was given a Winchester 69A recently and other than a little rust she was in good condtion (sans the missing stock.) The rust on the outside of the barrel and chamber was pretty much all surface rust i was able to get off with CLP and 0000 steel wool. However, the bolt handle had some thicker stuff that won't come off. I was recommended Evapo Rust but no store around me seems to carry it, would the Rust Oleum Rust Dissolver work just the same?"
I need help My gf is have dark thoughts but yesterday she messed up a dose of her meds and it will take a few days before they kick back in . And I ask her she wants to talk and she says it hard to put into words which I understand but I want to know if there is something else I could do to help her because it’s tearing me up inside knowing she is feeling this way.
"""Well I'm Done Talking With My Friends. I'm going to call it a day."" Time-zones are a thing that need to be worked around, I get that. Given the distance between us, I have no problem dealing with that unfortunate fact of life. But it's the way he worded it that got under my skin. Am I not a friend? Am I not as important as those friends?  When I read that I suddenly realized I was sitting alone in my room, talking to a person halfway across the world. It really hit home just how alone I was. It sucked ass.   What really hurt, though, was the fact that I came to the realization that I'm always the one starting the conversations, and always getting spurned, or cut short. Not just with this one friend, but all the friends I've made, locally and online. I'm always the one saying hello, or wishing them well, or chiming in. But I don't get any of that. I may get the odd greeting every now and then when I don't show up for long stretches of time, but otherwise nothing. I keep going back and forth, arguing with myself, saying that they have their own lives to live and I shouldn't be harassing them, or engaging in worthless self-pity, but here I am!  I have no idea anymore, I really don't. I've tried so hard recently to engage others, to socialize, to bring my walls down and risk getting hurt. I've gone up to strangers and struck up conversations, I've made myself bury my shyness and bring out every last bit of energy into talking to others and learning about them. What do I have to show for it? A friends list with several entries, and not one of them willing to talk, or at least not with me. That's the worst thing: being surrounded by people, but having no one to talk to."
"ADHD + college To my fellow ADHDers out there, what tips can you give me for studying/ maintain a balanced life in college? Lately I have been so frustrated because my coursework requires so many more hours of attention than I feel that I have."
"I hate this stupid disease. My HA first manifested itself when I was a freshman in college. I felt a coldness in my chest  on the way home for a weekend (probably a flare up of the anxiety I didn’t know I had,  triggered after moving away from home for the first time, dealing with college life and new workload, homesickness, my parents moved from my respective childhood homes, first childhood pet died, etc).   I googled my symptoms and that’s where it all went downhill. Heart attack. All of the sudden I was sweating, shaking, chills, feeling of doom, lightheaded, I truly felt I was going to die. To the point I told my mom not to be sad when I inevitably died.   Later that night I had a two hour long panic attack. I begged my boyfriend to drive an hour to where I was to take me to the hospital to which he obliged. I missed my sister’s college graduation party sitting in the hospital getting laughed at and joked on by the doctors and nursing staff. “Did your boyfriend break up with you recently?”, “Are you on your period honey?”.  Subsequently that semester I went to the emergency room two other times. One doctor gave me an emergency script for Paxil. Never filled it. Never wanted to.   Went to a cardiologist, my pediatrician, gastroenterologist, got an endoscopy, etc. I even slept at the foot of my dad’s bed for a week because I thought He could save me if I died. turns out I’m a perfectly healthy 21 year old, which is great until I started searching “healthy 21 year old surprise heart attack” and other similar things.   The anxiety subsided after about 8 months. A few months later it resurfaced when I convinced myself I had bed bugs in my apartment. Called the bug people 5 times, hired private bug people (instead of my apartment ones), stayed with my mom for a few weeks, begged my best friend to move. No bed bugs.   Eventually I healed from that two and recently (random itching and a few colds) has convinced me I had lymphoma. A headache recently convinced me I had brain cancer or MS. A bruise on the back of my leg has convinced me I have a deep vein thrombosis for the last three weeks.    My anxiety has caused me to have a slew of unimaginable PHYSICAL symptoms: Arm and leg pain Itchy skin Chest pain Tingling  Numbness  Panic Sweating Shivering Rashes Stomach pain  Twitching muscles Headaches Heavy head Pins and needles Back pain Joint pain Susceptibility to more colds and flus Mood swings fatigue  Lack of appetite Increased appetite Missed periods  I hate this terribly debilitating disease. A disease most people will never understand. Convinced my family and friends don’t believe me and don’t trust me and don’t take me seriously, convinced the doctors must be missing something, convinced I’ll be that rare case that dies at 21 from a heart attack.   The worst part? I’ve been doing well, healing. Taking care of myself. It always comes out of no where. Three months of stress, no symptoms. A month later it all catches up to me.  When will I stop being a slave to health anxiety? Checking, poking, prodding, literally self inflicting bruises all over me from constantly pressing on my body parts to check them for changes, pain, sensations.  Please give me your success stories and small  victories😭"
"Anyone else have parents who will come up with literally any excuse to tell you you're not depressed. Title pretty much say it all, but an example of this would be telling your parents you say in bed all day because your depressed, and they say ""No you're just lazy and selfish"""
"How would you have liked the news broken? I’ve been reading several posts written by people who felt they were blindsided by the news. Since I’m probably going to begin my own divorce journey within the year, I’m interested to know how you would have preferred to be broken the news? What do you feel is the most humane way to tell your partner you no longer want to continue the marriage?   Just a little context on my situation; my husband and I are currently in marriage counseling which he is actively participating in and taking seriously. He understands the marriage is in trouble, so from my perspective he should not feel completely blindsided. I’m not ready to pull the plug just yet, but would like to separate in the least hurtful way possible if it comes to that."
"On Bupropion for one week, feel extremely depressed. Will it get better? I suffer from GAD and OCS. I got prescribed Bupropion, because Sertraline didn’t work for me. But now, after one week I feel terrible. Is this a known side effect? Will it get better?"
Literally want to die so bad.... I have no friends or any joys. Its been like this for years and hurts so bad. I just want to dissappear from earth.
Question about college I have really bad social anxiety and have barely any friends and soon I'll be going to college. Do you think dorming with a random person would be helpful or should I just stick by myself? Thanks
"Is it time to? I've been separated for 5 months, I was working for her company at the time and she felt ashamed socially I was working with her so decided to fire me, after 5 days of job searching she kicked me out. Fast forward 5 months I have a stable job, and I have improved myself in many ways and I feel a bit more emotionally stable, when we see each other I feel there is a bright spark between us and I still love her regardless, I've suggested many time couple therapy, not as a way to get back together but to help us figure out what's best for us, although she had agreed a couple times to it, she is unable to fulfill, doesn't want to fix a date or makes up excuses. Last time we met she asked me out to the movies, we had a great time, and we even cuddled during the movie, next morning she asks me in for breakfast, again we had a great time, and we made out, she asked me if i still have feelings for her and i said yes (it is not the first time something along the lines happens), after a few days its back no what's been happening these 5 months, she doesn't answer my texts and tries to completely ignore me. I think I had enough, I love her very much and would like to try to fix out marriage, but my lack of control over the situation and her lack of interest/resolve or what ever it is has led me to think is time for a divorce. (For reference Im 35 she's 33 we have no children or assets married for 3 years)"
"Seeking advice to help my boyfriend. How can I be more supportive? My boyfriend has a long history with depression. Recently, because of COVID-19 he lost his job, moved back home with his family, applied for online jobs to no avail, and feels completely lost. Before this all started he was taking medication but I believe he ran out and can’t see his therapist. He believes he doesn’t have a future and that idea is perpetuated by his parents.   They constantly tell him he is not good enough because he is living at home playing video games during this pandemic. He helps out a lot around the house and basically raises his two younger sisters on his own and he does much more than I’m writing here but his parents still give him a lot of shit. Between the situation with his job and the uncertainty of everything happening in the world, he has felt extra down and his depressive episodes have been really bad. He told me he had suicidal thoughts but knew he wasn’t going to act on them, but I still worry he might. I don’t know what I would do without him.   I admit I was being selfish before tonight and was more worried about myself and his perception of me rather than focusing on him and helping him improve his mental health and that lead to a lot of miscommunication and brokenness tonight.   My boyfriend is my best friend and he means the world to me and I have told him multiple times that I’m here for him and here to listen. I know I can’t “fix” him (not that having depression means he needs to be fixed) but I just want to know if there is anything else I can do to support him or make him feel any better. It’s hard with the situation in the world to give him hope because he feels his future is so bleak.  I just want to be there for him in any way that I can but I don’t think he is understanding that right now and is rejecting any form of help and I don’t think he reads my texts fully  I love this man with all of my heart and I don’t want him to feel this way any more. Any advice helps and thank you so much if you read all of this. I want to be there for him. To be better for him. He loves reddit so I was hoping this community would know what to do"
"Relationship after divorce: he wants to get married someday, I do not. What to do? I was married for 20 years, divorced after I found out husband was cheating.  After the divorce I didn't want to date, took time to heal and focus.  In the meantime, I met a great guy and we've been dating for about a 1.5 years.   However, he wants the door open to marriage, not today, but someday.  I do not wish to ever get married again (or even live with someone while my child is young).  Now I feel like I'm stringing him along.  I know I'm not responsible for his feelings, but I'm thinking I should end the relationship.  Anyone else had to deal with this?"
"I [25 M] am concerned that my gf [25 F] of 5 years loves her cat more than she loves me I can't even believe this is a real post I'm making. I know I sound crazy, but let me explain.  A couple of weeks ago, I jokingly implied that she loved her cat more than me, and she took a pause to *really* think it over. Then she said, ""I mean, I love you in different ways."" *Who says that?*  **Here's why this sucks:**   She deals with PTSD and depression, and I have to take care of her a lot. Her cat is a huge help to her in tough times and is really comforting for her, and I've always been grateful for that, but I feel like I have sacrificed a lot for her. I often have to make phone calls for her, bring her food, check her mail, etc. I missed the wedding of a friend because I had to take care of her, I've missed work to drive her to countless appointments, I've skipped out on a lot of stuff I wanted to do because she needed me. I have always been loving and affectionate, and I put her needs ahead of my own so often. I have to live with the constant fear that she is going to commit suicide and I have to keep an eye on her for signs of that all the time. She doesn't have anyone else except me, and the responsibility of keeping her alive falls on my shoulders. I don't know if you've ever loved someone with severe mental illness, but it's *hard*. Especially when you're dealing with your own.  My gf got her cat shortly after we started dating. She has been obsessed with him since. At the time, she was incredibly affectionate towards me. Fast forward a few years later, she's no longer very affectionate with me. She rarely thinks of me because she's so wrapped up in her own stuff. When I try to talk to her about my problems, she makes it about her like 75% of the time. I have to initiate sex almost every time, and she usually turns me down. She has a super low libido lately. I remember that she used to do cute little things for me, play with my hair, etc., and she hasn't done any of that in ages. She doesn't give me encouragement when I feel shitty about myself, or tell me what she loves about me. She mostly just asks me to do stuff for her now.   HOWEVER, when that cat walks into the room, holy shit. She's all love and affection. She cuddles him, and pets him, and meows at him, and she talks about him all the time and how cute and great he is. She LOVES that cat. An animal. She's so affectionate towards him, but me, a human being who has devoted himself the best he can to her for 5+ years, can feel so disregarded a lot of the time.  ----  More concerning shit:  * She has been writing this fiction story for fun (and as an outlet for her past traumas) and there are characters that represent a lot of important people in her life. Her abusive parents have characters. Her cat has a character. I do not have a character. I don't need a character, I'm not saying that's the problem, it's just crazy that she puts so much thought into developing this cat character and all the other people that have affected her life and I'm not really one of them.  * She is often upset with me for various things. I have ADHD so I can be forgetful, I can speak without thinking it through (I'm never mean or anything), I'm very disorganized. I have a lot of flaws, I'm not perfect. She can get so upset with me over things, but her cat has scratched shit up, pushed an incredibly dense/heavy glass on my head while I was sleeping, and a bunch of other crap and it's never his fault. He's always a sweet little angel and he ""learned the bad behavior from my cat"" or some shit. I know this one's petty, but I'm venting.   ----   **tl;dr, my gf of over 5 years clearly loves her cat more than she loves me. She does not put much effort into our relationship anymore and can take me for granted, but obsesses over her idiot cat. I'm jealous of an animal now, and this is def a new low for me.**  ----  I don't even know what to ask of you guys. What do I do? How do I talk to her about this? Am I being insane/insensitive? What would you do?"
"I'm tired of having no control Hey all...  I just really needed to vent. My first time ever talking about it. Might aswell do it anonymously.  I am so tired of having this boring life where I am not in control. My school is going awful. I'm so far behind and already re-did a year and my motivation to do anything is absolute 0.  I don't work out or really go outside. I got into this habit that got worse and worse and now I can't sleep untill it's 6-7 am atleast and I wake up at 3-4pm.  It is currently 6.30am and have to ""wake up"" for school at 7. So I guess we'll have to go to school without any sleep, again.   I am lost. I don't know what to do.  - from a 24 year old with no bright future"
Air hunters Hey guys. So I’ve been suffering from Air hunger since January now. It seems to be getting worse.  I went to the doctor and my oxygen levels are 98% and my chest is apparently clear. I’m otherwise healthy so I’ve been sent home and told it’s anxiety due to my new job and upcoming marriage.   I agree it’s probably anxiety because it doesn’t wake me up at night or anything... but should I not have at least had a chest x ray? What if I have COPD or lung scarring idk  Anyone have any useful links for breathing exercises I’m so SICK of needing to take deep breaths every minute.   Thanks guys
"What kind of meditation should i do? Can someone help me how to choose my meditation or which meditation is best. I want to improve everything as much as possible i dont have that one or two thing that i want to improve such as calmness etc i want to improve everything calmness, better focus, less depression, more good mood. And if you have some video that you think imrpoves everything, ill be more than happy to get that :)"
"Multiple failures of space assets in recent months is concerning (9/15/18) Curiosity Mars Rover Memory Failure: Cause is still unknown, Switched to redundant computer (Side-A)  [https://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/curiosity-rover-to-temporarily-switch-brains](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/curiosity-rover-to-temporarily-switch-brains)  &amp;#x200B;  (10/5/18) Hubble Space Telescope Gyro Failure: Followed by anomalous reading from backup gyro, concluded to likely be 'blockage between components' and is now operating normally.  [https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2018/update-on-the-hubble-space-telescope-safe-mode](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2018/update-on-the-hubble-space-telescope-safe-mode)  &amp;#x200B;  (10/10/18) Chandra X-ray Observatory Gyro Failure: Fixed with backup gyro and software patch  [https://www.nasa.gov/feature/chandra-operations-resume-after-cause-of-safe-mode-identified](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/chandra-operations-resume-after-cause-of-safe-mode-identified)  &amp;#x200B;  (1/8/19) Hubble Wide Field Camera 3 (WFC3): Safe mode due to telemetry errors, still investigating cause.  [https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2019/wide-field-camera-3-anomaly-on-hubble-space-telescope](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2019/wide-field-camera-3-anomaly-on-hubble-space-telescope)  &amp;#x200B;  (2/15/19) Curiosity Mars Rover Random reset: Still investigating.  [https://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/after-a-reset-curiosity-is-operating-normally](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/after-a-reset-curiosity-is-operating-normally)  &amp;#x200B;  (2/25/19) Beresheet Lunar lander Random reset: Thought to be software bug.  [https://spacenews.com/spaceil-back-on-course-for-the-moon-after-computer-glitch/](https://spacenews.com/spaceil-back-on-course-for-the-moon-after-computer-glitch/)  &amp;#x200B;  (2/26/19) InSight Mars Rover Communication Issue: 'Unknown technical reasons', retrying with different radio band.  [https://www.dlr.de/blogs/en/all-blog-posts/The-InSight-mission-logbook.aspx](https://www.dlr.de/blogs/en/all-blog-posts/The-InSight-mission-logbook.aspx)  &amp;#x200B;"
"I hate meeting new people and I feel like it’s such a burden to my husband. He doesn’t really understand my social anxiety.   Even as a kid, my parents would say I’m lazy for not wanting to attend social functions at their jobs. I was only okay with going to social functions where I already KNEW the people.  So anyway, my husband was invited to dinner by his coworkers parents and invited me! Because I’m his wife. I immediately panicked and said oh i don’t know I’m very exhausted from work. Which is true, but it’s because I don’t want to go.  I can tell my husband is disappointed. I wish he was a bit more understanding but he isn’t. When we go out together he will socialize with everyone and ignore me, his awkward quiet wife.  He doesn’t introduce me to anyone and they end up just staring at me and he just chats it away. So I told him this before, like why do I have to go with you if you don’t care to introduce me. It makes me feel awkward and stupid and it already took a lot of courage to go.   He still invites me out and I hate having to say no, so I’ve started coming up with excuses.   But I feel bad because since my husband likes to network and makes friends easily, it’s only natural for these people to be polite and invite me. But I DONT care about going! I’m more than happy to sit at home. I work from home so the longer I sit in the house the more money I make. So I don’t care!!   Sorry. Rant over. 😞 can anyone relate or am I just being a rude person?"
"Voices in head?? Hi I know this sounds weird but hear me out please! For about 6 years now I’ve had these voices in my head but I know they’re me talking but I use people in my life and pretend I’m talking to them, if that makes sense? I spend hours every day talking to myself and making up all different scenarios with real people in my life but I know it is me talking and making up their replies.  I’ve tried telling people before and even been to a voices clinic but I feel like nobody understands and I’m embarrassed too. Just wondering if anyone has any idea or anything about this?? Like I can’t stress enough that I pick and choose who’s talking and what they’re going to say but yeah i can disassociate in my head for hours and even act our scenarios to fit what I’m doing I know this is weird and sorry to vent"
"I want to get some help I don't know how to explain this and I have been anxious if whether or not I should post this but I am tired of always feeling anxious. I do not know where to start to get some help, but if it helps I am currently a college student. Thank you"
"Looking for a little advice and maybe some reassurance I’ve been a lurker for awhile, but am currently in a place where I feel like I could use some guidance, I guess.  A little background:  Ive been experiencing anxiety and panic attacks for a couple years and finally made the leap to see a doctor and was diagnosed with GAD and panic disorder in September, 2018, and have been taking medication since (Lexapro) to help stabilize my anxiety and control my panic attacks.  While I feel like the meds work sometimes, there are still days, and even weeks, where my anxiety feels unbearable. I’ve chatted with my doctor about this and she’s upped my dosage for the time being to see if that will help. Basically trying to find right combination that will work best for me.  Onto my real reason for posting:  One of my biggest triggers for my anxiety is my job. I work in an extremely stressful customer service position with a large association.  I’ve been in this position for 3.5 years, and while it causes me a lot of stress and anxiety, I’ve always felt pressure to stick with it to pad my resume.  About a month before being officially diagnosed with GAD, I was having multiple panic attacks a day causing me to need to call out sick a few times. On the days that I was able to go into the office, I could hardly get anything done.   Once I had an official GAD diagnosis, I decided it would be best to let HR know about it, and see what could be done to make my work life manageable and to avoid letting down my team.   I was able to take a two week leave of absence to focus on my mental health which was immensely helpful. I came back to work feeling refreshed and ready to take on everything. That is until I actually got back into the office. I had a lot of colleagues that started to treat me differently, I could tell people were whispering about where I’d been and what was wrong with me. I thought I would be able to find a little bit of understanding with my managers at least, but I got the cold shoulder from them as well, with little jabs thrown in about how I was letting my team down and the company down.  I went from feeling like work had my back and was supportive about my decision to get my mental health in control, to feeling like I had absolutely no support system. And so I spiraled right back down to my old ways, calling out sick or struggling to get my work done because I was so caught up in the cattiness and lack of understanding from my coworkers.   That brings us to today. I’ve spent the last couple days home from work, absolutely crippled by the anxiety of going back and having to face those people and that job.  I woke up this morning and decided right then and there that I couldn’t keep torturing myself by trying to make it work. I handed in my two weeks notice when I got into the office and felt a huge wave of relief.  But now I’m a little scared. I don’t have anything lined up. My finances are relatively good, with enough to last me the next 2-3 months living expenses, but I’m afraid I won’t find anything in that time. I can’t  help but wonder if I just made the worst decision of my life .  If any of you out there have been in a similar situation, where you had to quit a job because of anxiety, and didn’t have another lined up, I’d love to hear your story and any advice or reassurance you might have."
Looking for meditation groups in San Francisco Just moved to SF from LA as part of a major change in my life and want to start focusing more on my spiritual development. If anyone can recommend good group sessions I would be very grateful
"At my wits end..almost. I really could use some help here. (Long post! Be warned) **(Warning, some grammar mistakes will be present, and right now this is just me writing my thoughts). Also I just don’t know where to post this, I’ve been depressed for a long time now. I hope someone out there can relate to this or suffered some similar things I’ve been through in my life, cause right now I just really need to vent and could really use some insight.**   **And I know there are many gaps in the story but it’s because I really wanna get this over with.**  I’ll start by saying my life hasn’t been that good at all, in fact, I fucking hate every inch of it, and I wish my own mother would’ve aborted me and my siblings.   Writing every inch of detail is just too tiring for me right now with all the shit that’s gone on. Not to mention I’m in so much pain right now.   My father would be the one to stay home and watch us as kids, and my mom for my whole life would be the working and abandoning us to a monster of a father. My father was sexual, mental, physical, emotional abuser. I remember the anal raping starting when I was 5 years old and continue to happen very often.   I honestly hate talking about my past so much honestly, and since I’m just in so much tired pain I don’t know what to do. I was writing this in order of childhood, teen life, but I figured that it was too much.   I’ve been dealing with this toxic shitbag of a man and woman who never gave a shit us for 16 years until I went online and contacted an online therapist who called the police and I reported to them what had happened.  When I was a child I remember seeing domestic violence with my dad beating on my mom a lot. And the anal raping (yes it was always anal, never vaginal) would happen a lot but it became more often as I got older. When My sister was born I remember when she was just a baby (almost a toddler I believe?..) Well she was crying or doing something and my father got aggressive and just literally slammed her into her crib.   I ran crying into my room. After a while my dad came in giving me the talking, I don’t remember what he was saying to me at the time but this was something he would do if he’d done something wrong. You know, basically trying to manipulate me into forgiving him and just plain brainwashing, etc.  I don’t wanna get too caught up in this, but my mother knew we were getting abused being with my father. She did nothing, and never did care, and to this day doesn’t give a shit.  My grandmother (Dad’s mom) lived next door to us. My grandfather was the one who always worked a lot.   Anyways if you have any questions about childhood go right ahead, cause right now I’m ready to just cut to the chase.  So present day I’m living with my grandparents (Dad’s parents) for about, going 5 years now. And they’ve been very good to me…but they’re shit people. My whole entire family is so terribly shit I can’t stand it.  Let me first tell you that when I first told the detectives that came to Tink and Uh pa’s house (Dads parents, I call them Tink and Uh pa) My grandmother was so upset about everything. My grandfather too at the time, but like he normally does I guess, he just went downstairs into his junked up basement. Yes he’s a hoarder. Don’t worry upstairs where we live in is fine, trust me everything is clean. But the basement and far into our backyard is where he used to hoard his shit.   Anyways, when my mother came (let me first say that I’ve never ever have been close to this person, and even when she had the chance to help me out many times, she never did it. Personally I think she blamed me telling everybody what was going on in our home. She may act like she doesn’t, but you know how sometimes you just feel it?)  She was all hysterical but now that I think about it, when I got up to hug her (because we were sitting around the kitchen table, we don’t have a dining room so the table is in the kitchen.) she put her hand up to block me. She never hugged any of us about it…….  Fast forward after this to living at my nana’s house (Mom parents, I call them Nana and Pop Pop) my siblings started acting out and I just couldn’t take it anymore. When Defis/Dafas or however the fuck you spell it. Was involved I ended up calling up a woman who was in charge of us named Claire, and told her I just could not deal anymore. So me, my mom, and Claire had a sit down meeting at her office. I told Claire and my mom that I would poison my siblings. I regret saying that to this day, but I also think at the time I just didn’t understand how to handle my emotions after getting away from something so toxic and wrong.  The whole experience of being abused and raped and seeing my sister and baby brother go through the same shit. And no matter how many times people tell me “it’s not your fault” or  “You shouldn’t feel guilty, there was nothing you can or could’ve done” will never take away the guilt I feel right now and for the rest of my life. I feel guilty for my siblings because I feel like I should’ve become stronger early on. My mother abandon us constantly and when she was around, it just felt like she was just there…like she made no impact in our lives.   And no don’t give me that poor her bullshit! She was responsible for her kids! I never asked to be fucking born like this miserable fucking piece of shit that I am now. I never asked to be born into a world where my family would be so terrible.  My family is so fucking god awful, and dear god please forgive me for this if this sounds so sexist/racist because I really hate to be that person. But my family really is the typical family of ignorant black women (Including Tink) who do nothing but be racist as hell towards white people, and sexist against men. They complain so much about their own husbands it’s not even funny. My one cousin, who is Tink’s cousin who has had shit tons of problems with her husband. It got so bad between them that her husband just straight up left without notice.   Now you’d think that a person who complains on the phone to my grandmother every. Fucking. Damn. Day in the morning. Would be happy that her piece of shit husband left, but no…she starts crying to the whole family about how she’s so sad that he left. But he did indeed come back home to her sooner or later.  It’s always some sort of drama with the family, and there’s a good reason as to why I don’t get involve with them. Another cousin literally stole food from the funeral of my great grand mother (Tink’s mom). Mind you, she didn’t take leftovers, she took a shit ton of food away from people who all pitched in to help in these affairs.  This is why I don’t get involve. And yet my grandmother know and tells me that her family is full of drama…but still hangs out with them even thought they take full advantage of her! And there have a few people that’ve told that she’s too nice and let’s people walk all over her.  I’ve been seeing a therapist 5 years ago but she was weird as hell, I think she was someone who probably does better with kids than anyone older. I was also pretty seclusive so I kind of kept to myself. She stated that I got a little better but I don’t think I ever did to be completely honest. All I know is that I was happy she was done and over with.  5 years later, I went on betterhelp.com seeing a woman named Michele Frakt, she seemed nice at first but when I told her that I was depressed and my father raped me and my sister, she got all excited and pushy. Asking me “HOW!?” And just being really weird about it. So, I was like “He invited her into the room, and some time later the bed was bouncing.” I’m not good when things get heated, so I get a little intimidated and start not communicating right. She told me she immediately told me to find someone else who was more professional, even though she had on her profile 20 years of experience. I had a hard time finding someone at the time so I stuck it with her.  Later on down the line, I started feeling like I wanted to switch her out because I felt like she was another weird female therapist that really probably you wouldn’t feel comfortable telling certain things to. Not only that I personally think she was censoring me from venting out things too in a subtle way. I told her my great grandmother had been diagnosed with narcissism and she stops me telling me that “I believe everybody has narcissistic issues”. Like ok, fine. Sure. But that doesn’t take away the fact that some people are more worse with it and might be actual assholes.  She also stated that “That would instead be Narcissistic personality disorder”. At the time, and now even, I don’t give a shit. She was a pretty terrible person too my great grandmother.   I was paying $180 every four weeks or so for betterhelp.com until she finally changed to another website. Anyways we still spoke until quickly after that I found a very good psychologist near where I live. And luckily my mother was allowing me to be on her insurance until I was 26.  So I moved on to him. Only having to pay the $50 co-pay with each session. Which was only $50 a week…until of course my cunt for a mother came and terminated off of her insurance on the first of January without any notice. But this is what she does, fucking abandons me again.  So I’m trying to get in touch with her trying to find out what happened. I text my nana but she texts me “I’m sorry Alnisa but your mother won’t talk to me about you”. Yeah…because even your own daughter whose a piece of shit who lives with you, while you babysit my siblings and my other cousin, you don’t want to get involved. Another thing that pissed me about her is that when it comes to my Cousin (Call her T) who has her toddler child Little Miss M, my nana says T is in God hands. I hate that bullshit so fucking much! Like, what a lovely way to tell someone you don’t care about them. T has been raped by her father too when she was young, and his friends as well. Yea….lot’s of family shit going on.  She’s even told me in my face she doesn’t like to get involved, which I don’t fucking understand! It’s your house! And that’s your daughter! You sit there on your fat fucking ass, acting like your daughter can get away with murder. Honestly I’m thinking of just saying fuck her and her bullshit and blocking her at of my life since she cares so fucking much, right?  Now I’m going through a time of resentment towards the family I have. You wanna know how my father got so abusive? His own father! Tink was telling the other day how uh pa was over the top with dad.  Now I understand how he grew up disturbed. I can’t even look at my grandparents normally, and honestly I never have. But they’re the only family members or just people who’ve taken care of for these five years. I’m just not ready to leave yet because I’m not financially able to anyways.  I went to college for about one semester and dropped out during the second semester. I got so depressed after a while being there. I went to study video game development at Sourthen New Hampshire University, plus the fact I live in New Jersey and that was 6-hour drive. Luckily my grandfather insists on doing all the driving.  And now he’s paying off my tuition for me while I give as much money as I can to him. It’s pretty nice…but at the same time I resent these people.   Now it’s not as bad as you may think, my living conditions with my grandparents have been very well for me. Without my grandparents I have no idea where I’d be.   My father pleaded guilty and only did 4 years in prison. I honestly wished he fucking died in that place. I once told Michele Frakt that I would feel better if my father had just fucking died, and she told me that I wouldn’t be happy if he did. Whatever honestly.   There was a conversation that my grandmother had with me about my father getting out. It seemed like this was about her more so than it was about me. It was almost like she was encouraging me to talk to him, when I already didn’t want to.   Later on I did tell him off about how much pain he’s gave me and my siblings over the years. He hasn’t changed at all, he was still acting like a piece of shit blaming me for everything. And my grandmother says he’s changed….fucking delusional cunt..  But during that conversation she was telling me about how our cousin (I’ll call her Mrs. C. The one who was having issues with her husband that left….and came back later to her) Mrs. C was saying shit to my grandmother like “That’s you son! Why can’t he live next door to you guys!?” Now mind you again, that this is the woman who volunteered to have my dad at her house, now all the sudden she’s all like this! Nobody asked you to fucking take him in.   She apologized saying she didn’t want anything to happen to me or Tink, but I don’t give a fuck because you wouldn’t have said shit like that if you actually cared. See what I’m saying? So fuck her ass too!  It’s why I don’t talk to Tink anymore about serious shit, because I feel betrayed. She and uh pa-better yet my entire family are like big ass children! Fuck my life and it’s existence!  The reason I’m so pissed off writing this is because this morning I got a call from my psychologist saying he wasn’t in network with the current insurance I just got last Friday. Which was Adroit Health Group, my mom’s insurance was Aetna.  So apparently now I don’t have a psychologist because I can’t pay that much out of pocket every week like that. He’ll be like $150 every time I see him.  I work at Amazon PNE5 sorting center and I absolutely love my job! I get payed well for it just being part-time, and I only work three days a week. It’s easy and I get time for myself which is good for me. A while ago I was having depression with working because I didn’t wanna do full-time again like I did before at my shit job at Six Flags Great Adventure.  Anyways I wanna end typing this already because this is way too much. My father lives at Mrs. C’s house, but get this, some lady who was a friend of my father and my grandmother, after my dad gets out of jail all the sudden she pops up giving us food from wawa, taking me and my grandmother out to eat and paying for it. Don’t get me wrong she’s a very nice woman! Older with kids mind you. But it still rubs me the wrong way how she just comes out of nowhere.   And then..shit I forgot what I was about to say.   My dad sends gifts and shit over when the holidays come around. I’m starting to feel like I should feel guilty for just taking them, he’ll send money with those gifts, but I’ll never toss money. Money is money yo! (Especially when your ass is poor paying off bills.)   But like during Christmas he sent a bunch of gaming stuff, I love video games but I’m not interested in playing the lame Tomb Raider reboots….I’d much rather play the old trilogy.  Anyways back to what I was saying about my insurance, I’m already going to pay $245 every month for Adriot. I called them earlier today and they said they could only pay 3 times per year for a psychologist. Meaning I would only have 3 sessions payed by them, and after 3 sessions I would have to pay for the rest out of pocket.  I would have to go to a higher level for them to constantly pay, which fucking sucks, I ended up just saying fuck it.  I try to keep myself self-teaching myself Game development and reading my books, but when I get depressed I just lay in my bed doing nothing.  Not to mention my only two close friends don’t text as often anymore, which brings out my anxieties. My one friend ended up leaving to live in Phili not too long ago so she’s like an hour away. But my other friend whose just lost his mom to suicide is still living close by me in south Jersey.  I feel like we’re drifting away, and I don’t want that. I feel like I’m alone and I have no one to talk to at all. I can't vent to either of my friends because I don't wanna burden them. I feel like if I don't get my own life going I'll never be fully fulfilled in life. I just could really use some insight and help right now from anybody that can understand the complexity of a life like this.  Like I said I know there’re are plenty of gaps in the story that don’t go into great detail, but I’m so fucking depressed and hopeless right now that I’m just fucking tired."
"finally feeling better. a lot has been going on in my life. my brother has been causing a lot of problems in my house. he constantly fights with my parents and my sister and i. i was going to move in with my aunt for a little while because i couldn’t take the fighting. november- until this week i have been nothing but a walking ball of anxiety. he recently left our house to go and get some help for his anger issues and other problems, and i feel so relieved. there is no fighting and there is no constant anger from him and my parents. i don’t know what’s going to happen when he comes back but until then i feel so happy. if he does come back then i am going to move in with my aunt and do better for ME 💜"
"Boomer joke Wife: What are you doing?  Husband: Killing mosquitoes  Wife: How many did you kill?  Husband: Total 5. 2 females, 3 males  Wife: How did you know their gender?  Husband: 2 near mirror and 3 near beer  * Seinfeld theme starts to play *"
"Ever since I moved Last year I ended a fairly long lasting relationship with my highschool girlfriend. I didn't think much of it, it was time for it to end. Besides I had my two best friends and we hung out every night and it was awesome. I recently moved and now they don't even talk to me. I live alone and I work full time.  I started college recently and I was SOO fucking excited because I thought this meant I could meet new people. Not having a SO has really hurt my mental health too. Not the whole ""I need a girlfriend"" BS. I  just miss having someone to cuddle and hug, and just someone to generally be there.  My first few days of college have been a nightmare socially. All of my classes, NO ONE has sat next to me. Literally a full class except two seats, I sit in the corner, so  naturally those seats are the ones separating me from the rest of the class. No one will talk to me. I work, do homework, come home and lay in bed. I'm so lonely. Please someone make it stop. I'm starting to lose hope."
"Alone again, as always. Broken up with, yay You know that saying 'things will get better'? well it did for me, and for the first time in my life, I saw a future for myself. I thought, you know, growing old wouldn't be so bad if I was with this person. I had never genuinely liked anyone, not even the guy I was with for almost 2 years. And I fell for someone, so hard but sometimes, mutual love isn't enough. It made me realise that I'd rather be alone and would rather feel empty for the rest of my shitty life. At least then, I wouldn't be so fucking hurt. I wouldn't feel anything. I always try to pretend that I'm happy because then maybe one day, I'll be able to convince myself that I can be. Happiness is so short lived and I feel like there's no point in trying anymore. Everytime I feel a sense of happiness, it just gets fucking crushed and I'm back to feeling like shit. I don't even know what I'm doing with my life, literally what is the point you know? I'm just rambling because I'm tired. Tired of living, tired of trying and tired of feeling. I feel like this emptiness has been a defence mechanism and it worked, and it's back. Why did I let my guard down, only to be hurt again. This is pathetic. This entire post is honestly pathetic and gross lol Honestly why did they promise me we'd be together forever if they were cheating on me? Why did they act like they were hurting as much as I did? Why did they even fucking tell me they liked me in the first place if they can't even fucking keep their shit in their pants? Why did they make me open up, just to crush me? Did it make them feel better? Why would they say they liked me first and make me realise I felt the same, only to crush me? I guess we'll never fucking know and maybe that's for the best, because no matter the answer, nothing will change."
"I (25,F) have just been recently diagnosed with ADHD Since i was a child i have been overly anxious and afraid. When i was a teen i was told i had anxiety, depression and a mood disorder. Ive tried and been on so many medications in the last 10 years its insane. The first time i went to an outpatient facility they assured me i had a mood disorder and continued with an antipsycotic that did seem to work for about 3 years. Then, this past year, i went to the facility again and a new doctor asked if ADHD runs in my family. As far as i knew only OCD and anxiety/depression do, so i said no. After seeing that doctor more she insisted i try Vyvanse for ADHD.   I have questions:  When i first started Vyvanse it felt like i was on something to get high and that lasted for a few days. Even thou during that “high” time it felt like i was able to hear and understand what people were saying as well as make sense of what i was thinking and saying. Because ADHD has never been brought up to me until now, and ive heard like with other stimulant medications things like - if somone who doesnt have ADHD takes these kinds of medications theyll be “hyper” and people who take them who do have ADHD it will make them calm.   And when i first took Vyvanse, i was “hyper”.   I just feel like ive been a quinea pig to all the doctors ive seen and no one, not even myself, knows whats wrong with me. Any advice or thoughts are greatly appreciated!!"
"How do you do LISS on a rower? What strokes per minute? Hi!  F22 here, doing the BBG program to start my fitness journey. I should be doing LISS a few times a week. I do it on the rowing Machine at about 18-21 strokes per min at an intensity 7. Do you guys have any Reccomensaftions for Doing LISS on a rowing machine? Cheers!!!!!"
"Here to help: Text or talking I really want to help you as a stranger, friend, wellness coach, or/and whatever role I can perform to help out.  I know how loneliness can kill you slowly from the inside out. It only takes one person to talk to and care for your world to change and make a difference. I want to be a person who inspires hope, positivity, growth, and change in others. It means a lot to me if I can help others as I know we all have our own struggles and stories to overcome.  Unfortunately, I am not able to provide this service for free as I need to make a living. If you’re interested in my talking or texting service, please don’t hesitate to message me. I’m base in PST time frame in the United States. I hope to hear from you soon. :)"
"I think I might have schizophrenia My family has many runs with mental illnesses. My uncle, aunt and grandma all had schizophrenia. I smoked weed about 7 times and I am in an out of reality when I smoke. One day when I smoked with my friends, a wake and bake, for two days in a row I still felt like I was high the next day. I was viewing myself like a movie. I did some research and It was I guess normal to experience these symptoms of feeling out of reality. Recently I watched Uncut Gems and at the end the character dies, I felt an anxiety attack was gonna happen but it didn’t I just felt really stressed and my head start hurting. That whole night I kept going in and out of reality. The next 3 days went by and I was feeling normal. It was I was fearing that feeling of going crazy was going to happen again. I don’t think I hallucinate though when I close my eyes I see images random images and when I am about to go to sleep I think of dumb and random thoughts.  I take Vyvanse(ADHD medicine) and yesterday I felt normal when I took it. I usually feel feel dizzy when the drugs wear off and I jogged around my block yesterday and I felt like I was gonna faint the dizziness The derealization. It all happened at those same time. every-time I think of scizophrenia I get anxiety. Everything felt loud in class. I kept thinking I was going crazy I would hear stuff and think it was an hallucination but is was real. This feeling is on and off. I don’t know what’s real or not right now. I knowww what is real but I just feel like everything is fake. I try not to think I’m going crazy because I feel like I’m gonna get the symptoms if I think about it. I have been getting 4 hours a sleep since Saturday and it seems like it’s Only get that game worse.. also I was shaking when I was trying to go to sleep and I guess they call it anxiety shaking I was pretty much spazzing. Please tell me what I should do."
"M1 Garand, I NEED IT We had WWII day in my rifle class, and lo and behold I got to shoot the greatest battle implement ever devised, the M1 Garand. And oh boy was that the best feeling in the world, the way the gun cycles, the famous PIIINNGGG, the smell of the powder, the case flying out, just phenomenal.  And I’ve concluded,    I NEED TO BUY ONE  But where would be the best place to get one? And what kind of laws or licenses do I need to own/purchase one?"
"Do my parents have to identify my body? I just printed my note, and I’m leaving Monday. I’m gonna fucking do it this time; threatening all these years has brought me no appeasement or joy. I’m just gonna go. I’ve gotta. I can’t keep living like this. Im gonna leave the note with my body. Someone please tell me that my parents don’t have to come identify it because I don’t want them to see me all fucked up and bloody. Like is there some other way the police can confirm it’s me without my parents seeing? Please?"
"Comming out I've literally never thought I have been a victim of depression but I'm starting to lean more towards the fact that I might actually be.  About a year ago I was feeling so freaking tired daily, my mind was racing, my sleep was poor and I felt like my soul is leaving my body. I thought I was just tired. Then it kinda got better, I got closer with some friends, my thoughts kind of chilled a bit, at least they weren't the type that wear you down just thinking about them.  A couple of days ago I fucked up really bad. I can't even say what it was. The next day I woke up and I hated myself. Then I thought ""ok its not so bad we all fuck up"". And as the days went on I constantly keep thinking about it and that shit is so fucking tiring. I show absolutely no emotion when I talk to people now, I feel like Im empty while talking. When I stand in public I have an absolute urge to lean my body weight on something like a pole for example. Just now I started eating my favorite meal and it tasted so bad. I ran to the bathroom because I thought I was gonna throw up. That's when I realised ""ok it might be real"" so Im typing now.  Like is this shit actually starts turning into physical pain and discomfort. The worst part is there is literally nobody I can talk to. could a therapist help? Idk I just wanna crawl into a cave and wake up when shit gets better.  Are there any, I dont know, magical drugs (medicine) or something that could help me? Are there people who have went through this shit and can you provide tips if you have? I honestly feel so lost ive lost all concept of reality and i dont know..."
"How depression feels for me today I am alone, stranded in the ocean with nothing to keep me going. There is a storm and the waves are crashing all around me.  I yell and I scream for help. People try to extend their reach to me - a branch that snaps, a rope that breaks - but the lifelines that get to me are torn or broken from the stress of the waters. Reaching out takes effort and I don’t have any more to give. What’s the point? Even if someone were to grab ahold of me, we would only end up drowning one another since we are all just trying to survive the storm.  I can’t see these people but I can hear their whispers. Soft bits of encouragement with the best of intentions. Words that I know and I try to tell myself. I know I can go on, I know I must go on. One wave at a time. I can get through this. The storm can only last for so long.  Occasionally the waves calm and my body is able to get the rest that it’s craving but even when I’m offered this slight reprieve, I am unable to relax. My mind is being assaulted by the noise and blinding light of the continuing storm.  There is no peace, there is no rest. Every part of my person is being assaulted and I am losing hope that I will get through this. There is chaos all around me and I have no one and nothing to hold on to. My body and my mind are failing me. I feel as if soon I will sink into the waters, just another causality of the storm."
"question on car loan/purchase process I will be buying a customized car soon. I plan on downpaying 40k and get a loan for 50k. The car will take about 3 months to get delivered. If I were to get a preapproved loan, should I apply close to the car delivery date? I heard preapproved loans are good for 60 days or so. First time buying a car with a loan. Any help will be appreciated."
My little brother HE WEIGHS 26 FUCKING KILOGRAMS????? AND HES IN GRADE FOUR MEANING HE’S TURNING 10 THIS YEAR. idk his height but SURELY he’s underweight😭😭😭 .why is this making me so sad? I want to hide underground with a blanket wrapped around me for like 3 months and come out skinny 😞
"Despair Everyone tells me to do what makes me happy. But, the truth is that I don't know what makes me happy. Everything I can do for fun seems so pointless. Like it doesn't serve any purpose and the excitement wears off. I take life too serious... I have to live with some kind of purpose. In my mind my purpose is to do a good job and serve people in my profession. But, often I fail at work and at those times I feel unloved and lonely."
"Does anyone else get nervous that bad things are going to happen to you whenever good things start happening? For example this week I got accepted into college, got approved for a credit card with a $1000 limit, started going to the gym, I now have $2000 in my savings, and have been hanging out a lot with a new friend. In general things are going well. But even just typing this I feel like I’m jinxing myself and now horrible things are going to happen."
"Nail Biting, Worried I'm a nail biter. I drew blood from one of those damn hangnails today. Long story short, I got wipe my ass and wasn't able to wash my hands for a while. It was then I realized that I drew a bit of blood from my nailbiting. Now I'm freaking out about sepsis. Should I be worried? If so what should I do?  I hate that I stress over every little scrape and scratch."
"Painting pistol slide tips? I got a good deal on a used Taurus g2c but has a lot of holster wear on the slide where the kydex holster touched the gun with the previous owner, I have never painted a firearm before and have watched a couple videos on it but I am somewhat nervous, I am going to get some high heat automotive flat black only wanting to paint the slide and possibly the barrel since it is shiny silver on an otherwise black firearm and my preference is all black.  &amp;#x200B;  Besides the obvious about its a $200 gun i.e. leave it alone, battle scars/shows character etc any tips on the actual painting process, people who have done it do you regret it? and also would painting the chrome/silver barrel be harmful?"
"Was off meds for 10 days. Help? Type 2, with a history of psychosis but none recently.  Apparently my health care lapsed due to a billing error on their side Jan 1st and I wasn't told, found out when I tried to pick up my meds. Been off them a week and a half before  I was able to afford them again. Called my health insurance again today (about the 5th time) and they want $1800 in back payment to reinstate it. Work for a startup that's a month late paying me so I'm broke. My work health insurance kicks in March 1st, if I can hold on that long. Skipped my last psychiatrist appointment. Haven't seen my therapist in two months.  Took my meds this morning but it will take a while for them to kick back in I think. Rapid cycling, crying in the bathroom constantly at work today. My family's across the country. My best friend has pulled away since he got in a relationship and I feel like I have no safety net.   I just need someone to tell me to keep going, even if it's a stranger on the internet."
"I wish you could read this but I know you would not. Because I cannot give it to you. I sit here tonight with tears in my eyes thinking about my life. I do not even know where to begin. My mental health is fucked up. If I see a genie, Ill probably have just one wish To die. And rest. In peace. And maybe make it to heaven if it does exist. So I guess this is it. I just wanted to say for all the times I kept mute when you spoke to me, for all the times it seems I get mad at simple questions you asked that I should just give a straight answer but instead it seems like I am mad at you for asking. For all the times I make you think is he going to get mad at this before you ask me your loving motherly questions, I AM SORRY. I am truly sorry. I know it keeps happening even though I wish it does not. I wish I could talk to you like a loving son would talk to his loving mother. I wish I could answer your loving question which are questions you ask to ensure I get the best out of everything. I wish everything can be normal but it is not. I am not normal. My brain is fucked. Depression has eaten the shit out of me. It feels like I have lost the ability to take any joy in life. The reason why it seems as though I am mad is because I am so fucked everything triggers me. You ask about my school; there was once a time the word school triggers me. When you ask, I wish I could tell you but instead I fall into depression. You talk about my sisters, I have a panic attack. My uncle or sisters calls your number I have a panic attack. I wish I could just experience peace. I have been abused for all my childhood and most of my teens. I still suffer from these. I have vivid nightmares and flashbacks. You have seen me wake up crying a couple of times. Sometimes when we share the bed, I kick you in the middle of my sleep. I am sorry for this too. Its my nightmares. I am been tortured in my dreams. My abuse are fresh in my memories that my dreams are as though its happening again. I wish I could explain to you all and you would understand. I do not just chose to be in bed all day, moody, sad, and listen to sad song. I do not choose to be this way nor do I like the way I am. For all the times I was called lazy, I was not lazy. I was dieing a death that eats you up slowly. For all he questions you ask which have triggered me every single time. For the once you asked today that fell on deaf ears followed by a long silence or an odd answer, For all the ones you will ask tomorrow and the next, I wish I could answer them all. I am sorry you have to feel this way. Trying your best not to hurt me, trying your best to see me happy. But all I do is let my depression eat me away like a vulture feeding on its carcass. I wish I could be genuinely happy but at this point, all I want to do is rest. I want to experience peace. The kind of peace I do not have to worry about any single thing. The kind of peace you do not have to worry about me. The kind of peace where I cease to exist. Yeah I have big dreams, but it would not matter when I rest. I tried to kill myself unsuccessfully and I am afraid it might happen again this time successfully but why do I fear? This is what I have wanted when I spent years practicing with the knife, when I swallowed the pills and watch you watch me in pain as I puke my gut out, when I started learning to tie a noose, when I did lots of reasearch on the most painless way to go. Though there are things you do that hurts. Like you saying I did things I did not do or using my name to get money from family members. I have said it several times to you that I wish I was never born. I told you once out of frustration that you should kill me. That I did not ask to be born. I have never told you, but despite my life full of abuse, deep down you are my mom and I do love you just as a child loves its mother. Sometimes I have this feeling inside that I just have a few more years before I finally end my life in college studying the course you all want me to study When I actually want something else. I guess that is it. I have nothing else to say than what you have heard me say before; I wish I was not born. To my mom,"
"I'm struggling. Need advice how to pull myself back up. I'm really struggling right now and need some help.   On the outside people think I have it good, because I have a wife, 2 kids, a house and a reasonable low end job, but I go through periods of feeling really down. Like a lot of people due to the virus I've been furloughed since the lock down and don't know if I'll have a job to go back to after the lock down is lifted. It's stressing me out.   I've been in the house for 3 weeks just me and kids because my wife is a key worker. Now, I love my kids but I am not the stay at home type. I've always been the strict parent with a short fuse and my patience has been worn away to nothing. I find myself shouting at my kids and wife. I hate it. It makes me feel worthless that I can't even be nice to my family.  I grew up with a family that has strict ideas of what a man should do and be so I've never really able to manage my emotions. I just stuffed them down until they burst over. I struggle to talk to people even at the best of times, never at the worst.   I know this is a bit of a ramble and I apologise but can anyone suggest anything to help everything stop weighing so much? I need to drag myself up because this can't go on."
"I (21 F) was told by (27 F) that she's not ready for a relationship? It's been complicated, we are LDR but not LDR? We have been talking since a year ago and met in september which she realized she was scared of my age and told me she realized that it was too much. I understand that fact but, she was cold then she came back around and slowly started ""falling"" for me but saying she didn't know what she wanted to saying she likes me a lot but not ready to jump into a relationship.  Now, she's apparently visiting in March for a guy friend she's been buddies with forever but also going to stay in my city for two days to see me. She also outright told me that she likes me a lot and doesn't want to lose me. That we click. But that she's not ready for a  relationship because she's not emotionally ready due to mental health or something between that lines. Saying that she also doesn't want to hurt me anymore than she does.. I asked her if age was still an issue and she said somewhat.. and I asked why? She said ""I don't know"". I told her I'd wait for her because I like her that much and we have so much in common.  Now in your opinion, do you think she's playing? Am I being dissalusioned? I feel that it's more complicated then it needs to be but life isn't always black and white.  Tl;dr: she's not emotionally ready because of ""mental health"" and my age. Always has an excuse but knows she likes me a lot now. And that we are slowly getting more and more closer. Not sure what I should do."
"I’m so tired of this. 2019 is the year that I kill myself. I can’t keep doing this. It will not get better; over the past 7 years it has only gotten worse. I don’t have any friends or anyone I can talk to, I never have. I’m tired of waking up everyday and wishing it would be my last. I do nothing but sit in bed all day, thinking about how much I want to get out of my own mind. I don’t know when exactly I’ll do it, but my walls are closing in and I feel so trapped and alone and I’m starting to break."
I do not want to be here anymore.I really tried to turn things around I tried to make things better but no matter what I do I just feel like I am suffocating while everyone watches. I have been feeling like this for seven fucking years and I am so fucking tired. In those seven years I have tried to kill myself multiple times which did not exactly work out for me. I just want everything to stop. I just want to close my eyes and to never wake up again. I do not want to remember shit anymore. I do not want to have to feel like this anymore. I do not want to have to try and cope with shit and convince myself that I can handle just one more day anymore. I am so fucking tired. Even when I feel like things should be good I am miserable and I do not want to be anymore. I feel like I am suffocating
"Waking Up with Heart Already Racing DAE have this? I'm trying to understand if this can be some kind of subconscious PTSD because of years of anxiety/panic attacks. I already had palpitation symptoms (PVCs), but this one confounds me.  Occasionally, I'll wake up from sleep with my heart \*already\* racing. Once I get up it gets faster (I'm talking 160+ bmp), so I have to do vagal maneuvers. Incidentally, this seems to happen on nights of insomnia, where I'm conscious of drifting in &amp; out of sleep. I wake up 2-3 hrs after laying down. I also have a full bladder &amp; feel very hot.   It just baffles me because I'm not having anxiety/panic in my sleep."
Why is the sky so dark above Rabbit City? Because of the hare pollution!
"People always say to get professional help. But it's so hard to do My fiance has been to so many doctors and therapists. It just doesn't help.  Scheduling time for doctors is next to impossible, even with night hours, we have work and she is a teacher so taking days and time off is a difficult thing to do and she is just adding to her anxiety about not be a good teacher and worry about getting fired because she has to take off.  Actually calling and scheduling, even assuming that there is time, is a very stressful scenario as well. No one answers, people say they will call back and never do, appointments get cancelled (after she calls off work, so she doesn't get another chance to go for weeks), have to leave tons of voicemails that never get responded to because the specialist is out or the doctors leave at 2 pm.   When there actually is a appointment met, nothing helps because they are blocked by another specialist. Sorry can't help need to talk to your psychiatrist, sorry looks like you need to get an MRI for us to help with the leg pain, sorry you need to find a therapist to sign off on this.  And each one is it's own hell of a fetch quest. The problems she's having make it hard to even go to the grocery store without having a panic attack, she's in so much physical pain she just cries every night, then lapsing into a panic attack because she can't tell if it's physical or mental pain.    And people experiencing these issues are expecting to schedule dozens of appointments with people that have unclear schedules while she maintains her job every day? Also have to throw in insurance and money into the mix. Finally finding a doctor that understood but then getting denied coverage is another thing to add to the pile.  I have no way to help. I don't know what to do besides offer comfort. I'm not trained in this. I can't just keep saying go to a doctor, see a therapist, when we've been going through this nightmare of finding help for years. And more health issues just keep coming up.   She just keeps saying it's not fair, and it's not. She builds up energy for days trying so hard to fight through the pain and mental pressure, just to make it to a doctors appointment which is cancelled the day of. She spends weeks trying to schedule an appointment with her psychiatrist, which keeps going to voicemail, and not getting calls returned. When she asked her general practitioner for help, they call the psychiatrist in the office, her answers and says he'd be happy to schedule time. So she looks like a crazy person looking for drugs. We leave the office at 2pm (appointment scheduled for 11:30, we sat waiting for the doctor for 50 minutes after the nurse checked blood pressure), and call the psychiatrist who has left the office for the day. At 2pm. Been over a week and still can't contact them. Has to go through withdrawal now because she's been cut off cold turkey from an antidepressant (That apparently she was never supposed to be on, it was just supposed to be an attempt at lessening the physical pain of what they guess is Fibromyalgia, they have no idea why she hurts)  If she didn't have me next to her, she'd probably think she's going insane, with someone actively making sure nothing ever works out. But I can't help, I can only just watch and give hugs (when she's able to be touched since her skin hurts quite often).  Hopefully I'm allowed to vent here, I just don't want to keep this all in my brain and start lashing out."
"Am I the only one that absolutely hates recess? I hated it it in High School, and I hate it in college. It's just that everyone just immediatly starts talking and forming groups and sometimes i'm left all alone playing with my phone."
I like my women like I like my coffee always getting my name wrong
"Received a duplicate item from eBay (Canada) My roommate ordered a laptop and dock from eBay (seller in Alberta, buyer in Quebec) and received them in December. They just received another laptop (same model, but there was no dock in the package this time).  They only ordered one laptop. It is possible the second laptop is there because of a defect which was noticed in the first one, but my roommate says they never received any email, eBay message or return label to confirm it.  Does my roommate have an obligation to contact the seller? Are they allowed to write something like “Please send a return label. If you don’t respond within 30 days I will give the laptop away”? How long are they supposed to hold on to the laptop before giving it away if the seller doesn’t provide a return label or send a courrier?  Thank you in advance for your insight."
"I am genuinely heartbroken. I loved him and thought wed spend our lives together, apparently he was really unhappy in our relationship and now I feel awful. I lost the thing that kept me going, I loved him so fucking much and was always happy around him. I did not realise I made him sad, apparently all I ever am is negative and I am boring to be around because I have difficulty understanding things. I hate this and want to end my life, I get really attached to people and then they leave me. What am I doing wrong? I am scared its because I was molested a lot as a child and have become apprehensive of physical and sexual contact. I hate it , he was the only thing I had and I have lost it Got broken up with out of nowhere"
I have a speech tommorow but I have no motivation to practice But I’m not doing anything else like video games or watching a movie because I have to work on it. I’m just sitting there scrolling through reddit
"My wife is a new mom and is battling depression....how can I help? I met my wife in January 2016, and she told me on our first date that she had severe depression and anxiety. We moved in together in December of that year, and from that moment on I have been constantly learning what depression is, what it can cause, and how to cope with it, and how to help her cope with it.  I had been gently trying to get her to seek help throughout this time period, and following an incident in mid-2017 where she stated she was suicidal, she finally did just that, and was put on Zoloft &amp; Xanax.    Everything was smooth sailing with very few bumps in the road until July 2018, when she found out she was pregnant with our daughter.   Since then, she has gone off of her medicine multiple times, and the signs are always very obvious. In her, the major ones include an inability to deal with general emotions or stress, and the inability to see things from anyones perspective other than her own.  Initially, I chalked it up to the changes she was going through from the pregnancy.  Now, almost 6 months after she has given birth to our daughter, she admitted to me that she hasn't been on her medicine for longer than she can remember.   She is better than she was prior to seeking help initially, but the signs are all still there...I am constantly trying to convince her to seek help, but she will always refuse, and insist that she can handle it and/or blame me for causing the problems.  I don't know what to do. I am at a complete loss for how I can help her. I cry every single night because I know what a wonderful person she is, and I love her more than I can ever put into words, but I don't know how to cope with this, or help her cope with this anymore.   Does anyone have any advice?"
"I Screw Everything Up! Wow, okay so bare with me. I want to find someone to have a relationship but I always screw it up, by being paranoid, unsure, have super low self confidence etc. and I don’t even mean to be...I’ve just been through so much it really shows.... I just wonder if I’m ever going to find the right person who is going to put up with me and understand why I am the way I am :(    I’m really sad and lonely tonight :("
How's Your Driving? After psychology class today I was wondering something? How well do others with ADHD drive? They were talking about attention in class and brought up motorists and immediately became self conscious. Then I realized I live in the middle of BFN so I cared less. Though I notice I didn't become distracted in the long stretches of road between towns to get to school.   So question is how well do you guys drive in bigger cities and how do you stay focused to avoid wrecks?
"I see scary faces when I close my eyes in the dark, what to do? [I don't know if this is the right thread for this, but I don't know where else to say this]  I've been seeing these scary images/faces for about three years now. I'm scared of going to sleep, because the faces suddenly pop out. They make me feel anxious, and I often start panicking and sweating because of them, so I just hide under my blanket and watch YouTube. Sometimes they threaten to kill me. Sometimes they whisper, but I know it's all just in my head."
"SO in need of help We have been together with break ups for 7 years.  2 years ago we moved for a fresh start but I feel it was to get me away from friends and family as all I have is him now. He also now has little support.  I am scared for my safety and though I love him I can't do this to myself no more. I want children and a house and this feels like it'll never happen.  We have moved countless times from him damaging the houses or putting us in financial debt that we are then kicked out. We have been homeless from him not being able to accept help and choosing drugs.  My jobs have been comprised from him going into work and abusing me having police show up or I become sick from no sleep or malnourished or crazy depressed.  He is in and out of work for his family but really is just a pay cheque and he never goes to work so has no routine. Especially now days.  I've had many police involvements and hospitalized from them and other times.  This past year and a half has been nothing but a downward spiral and I feel I am an enabler and he does better without me because he has to stand on his own two feet when I'm not there. I feel like a mother more than a partner.  Our current house is trashed inside and out. Actual mess and filth to house damage aswell. He recently got out of hospital but his mania is still very high up. He spent all our pay on material things, drugs and the likes and we now have to paid rent that I'm aware of for 2 weeks. He goes out at all hours night driving around and from this his car has been in multiple crashes but won't tell me any details so we can't get insurance. It's still half drivable but suspended and I'm worried of him driving my car.  I have most of my belongings in my car as he has said he will light the house in fire before being hospitalized and did try.  I am extremely mentally drainage from all this and the way I am spoken to constantly. I am walking on egg shells and get no sleep as he hardly sleeps and does many OCD things to wake me up like flicking lights, rummaging through draws. Half organising or cleaning at inappropriate hours of the night. Physically waking me up to harrass me when his not driving around. I know his taken his meds and the hospital and docs just won't believe me that he isn't fine and his meds currently don't work anymore.   I am sorry for the mess of this post. Hard to put 7 years of a very stressful realtionships in words and currently what's happening.  How do I get out? I feel I have spent majority of the years trying so hard to help and also been a bad guy and an enabler which makes it hard too. But it gets harder and harder to see a future and happiness.  I am scared he will try to hurt himself or follow me if I try.   Any advice I'd be so greatful for."
"Life doesn’t get better. It doesn’t matter how hard you try I’ve been working on myself, my depression and my ptsd for a long time now. Everyone always says it will get better. I go to therapy, I go to school, I go to work and try to live my life the best I can. I even believed it would get better but I’ve realised it doesn’t.  It only gets worse. You think you’re doing better but a minor setback puts you back to the dark place it all started at. You have to try again. You think it’s going better and it happens again. I’ve been trying so long I can’t even remember what it feels like to be truly happy. I don’t even know if I’ve been happy at all.   But still I try."
We back at it I finally escaped being depressed. But it came back once a bunch of shit started happening again.
"Have some practical questions about committing myself Simple backstory: 35, female, two kids, jobless, living with abusive ex because I've got nowhere else to go, no friends, no family. History of major depression, been suicidal off and on since I was a kid. Avoidant Personality Disorder.  So I want... I want to not exist anymore, but I can't risk my kids thinking they weren't enough or that I didn't love them enough - if anything it's the opposite. I love them so much, but I know I'm failing them. Badly. I'm an alcoholic. The house is filthy. I can't handle the stuff their school sends... I can barely handle getting them ready in the morning. I pathetically hide behind my son's autism as an excuse for why I'm so overwhelmed, but he's brilliant - not difficult at all. It's just that I'm constantly treading water in an endless swamp, and recently I've been stuck.  Can I be taken away? I want to be. I know it's a miserable experience, but I'm hoping I could talk to a doctor and at least have something shaken up with my meds. I want to be taken away. I want to be evaluated. I feel like... It's stupid, but I feel like there must be something if we look closer. Actually, full disclosure: I think it's a brain tumor. It must be something, to fuck with me like this.  Will they have to see our home? I'm afraid they'll take the kids away if they see the state of the place. Maybe they should, probably. I don't want them hurt or upset. EDIT: basically, I guess I'm hoping they won't because I'm hoping being committed helps me and I can fix this, but I'm not sure about fixing this and also fielding questions from cps.   Can I actually stay in a facility? Am American, have insurance but not sure this would be covered. Do I have to do something illegal to get help?  Where do I start? How do I guarantee I'm taken seriously? How to make the process as simple as possible?   Hitting post before I lose my nerve. Thanks in advance.  EDIT: do they drug test? Would pot in my system disqualify me from anything?"
"Literally losing my mind here Does anybody know why a walk-in clinic doctor would call me?   I went to a walk-in yesterday to renew a prescription. It was really a quick appointment, I walked in she asked me about the meds I was there to renew and asked if I was doing ok otherwise. She was super nice and asked me about why I wasn’t seeing my family doctor, I told her it’s because she’s really far away.   Anyways, I leave and pick up my prescription and forget about the encounter. Today at 10:30 my phone rings only once and then whoever was on the other end had obviously hung up. No message. I call the number back and it’s the doctors office. They say they didnt call me and that maybe it was the doctor needing some information from me or something.   No message was left, I wasn’t sent for any tests at all. I’m nervous because I had a colonoscopy awhile back with a totally diff doctor at a diff clinic and never had a follow up apt- assumed all was ok. I’m panicking that for some reason she saw something on my file (do walk-in clinics have access to my full patient file in Canada??) and is Cali g me to give me some terrible news or something.   Does anyone have any info for me on this? Could it have been an error? I’m so scared and confused"
"Everyone thinks I hate them. But the truth is I have nothing but love for people. Well, everyone except for myself. I just can't handle social situations, especially when there are a bunch of people. And so I am quiet and avoid people and people read it as me hating them.   My family loves parties and when i avoid people, they think I'm quiet becuase of who they are specifically, but really I am quiet around everyone becuase of who I am.  I wish there was some way to show my love for people without ever having to interact with anyone. Some type of boo Radley shit or something."
"I'm having trouble with locking doors Hey fellow redditors, I'm trying to get help with something that's come up in the last little while. I can't stop checking if the door is locked. I'll lock it, pull on it to make sure it's locked and then have to go check it over and over. I tried doing some research on it but all I could come up with was articles on OCD tendencies in children. I assume it's anxiety because it started happening in recent years, after a bad bout of anxiety kicked up, but now I can't shake the habit. I've tried taking a picture of the door where you can see the lock, I've knocked on the door after locking it, I'll say 'Locked' out loud, I'll say what day of the week it is but I always end up going back to see again 'just one more time to make sure'. It's like a weird compulsion I can't stop doing even though it feels crazy It wasn't so bad when it was once or twice, but it's taking longer and longer. I was stuck for 15 mins the other day just coming back and checking it was locked.   Does anyone have any advice for what I should do or who to turn to? I'm feeling really lost and out of control  Also I hope this is the right place to post this, please let me know if it's not."
Day after first day back at gym. Need advice I broke my foot in October during a half marathon and totally stopped working out. I went back to the gym yesterday for the first time and went a little too hard. Now my body feels REALLY sore. I’m trying to decide whether to go back again tonight. I had a really bad exercise headache and terrible back muscle pain all day today. Should I just go on Saturday instead?   If I don’t go I’ll feel good relaxing with my fiancé but if I do go I’ll end up with the same migraine tomorrow. What do I do????????
Why do people have friends? I get depressed because I always think I'm missing out. I've never had friends before but they seem more like a pain in the ass to me?? Always asking for shit and they ate likely to turn their back on you eventually.   I just don't understand why it's common practice to have multiple friends
"What’s the point in being popular I got a pretty small school only about 300 people but everyone there knows me, including the teachers. It’s not really like they really care or know anything about me because I only have about one real friend and she doesn’t go to my school. I don’t have anyone I can really talk to about anything. I go to the gym constantly so I can finally feel good about myself. I don’t have any real friends at my school and I can’t ever really be myself because I’m too scared of what people would say. Everyone i know goes to me for their problems but I don’t really have anyone to go to for my problems. I always feel alone to the point I’d willingly pay someone just to hug me. I feel like my life isn’t really important and that I won’t ever feel genuinely loved or cared about from people outside my family."
"I need help with a teacher I have been diagnosed with GAD for about two years now and my teacher is aware of this. One of the biggest things to set it off is the feeling of being monitored or watched. I have fallen behind on an assessment and my teacher is getting rather peeved about it.   My reasoning for this is that I personally need time by myself to work on it, but my teacher has been constantly checking up on me and asking for my ideas on the assessment and how the story is going to play out etc. For me, this makes me scared to write anything or come up with my own ideas because I'm constantly being checked up on. Almost every lesson she's been pulling me aside to ask me where I'm at and I have literally nothing because I'm too scared to think for myself. I don't know how to explain it to her and I'm scared that I'm going to fail if this carries on.     Does anyone have any advice or similar situations? I'm really scared."
"Making a change I've been on Reddit so much for months now just reading but something made me want to talk to someone on here who can understand and share experience s. I'm 21, in college, in a new relationship and tomorrow I'm finally going to email about having therapy. I want to get better with this. It's just really hard to deal with. I've been on birth control for the first time in my life and when my head isn't making me doubt my existence or if I'm even still in a relationship I feel so happy and free and just so amazing. Lately the feeling of feeling good has just made me want to stay secure and out of the fuzzy clouded talk. I want to be happy and just secure with my thoughts and what's reality."
Alone in a place full of memories .. Me and my girlfriend had been together for 6 years  She started to lose interest slowly and slowly I tried what ever I could to save what we had built up .. but it didn’t work . I got home one day about 2 weeks ago and she’s was gone .. no warning no heads up the apartment we lived in together for 3 years seems so empty now a place where we made so many memories.. cooking together cleaning talking doing everything together.. in the silence of the night I can almost hear the echoes of our laughs .. she wants nothing to do with me even took our dog .. she left to a place I’ve never stepped one foot into no presence of me ... while I’m here Alone being eaten by all of the memories of a beautiful past .. I really just want to disappear ..
"Knew I needed help when the thought of going to work panicked me and I spent the day in work on the edge of a panic attack, the doctors prescribed Sertraline 50mg daily anyone been on it before? Eventually found the courage to go to the doctors to discuss my anxiety, much to my relief it was confirmed,  Which makes me feel less crazy and although it doesn’t cure the anxiety, it’s comforting knowing I was right. Been prescribed Sertraline 50mg daily, been told there is side effects, has anyone taken this and had those side effects and if so how bad were they?"
"I'm not Sure my diagnosis was correct When I was young I was diagnosed with Bipolar disorder at 16 and Chronic Depression at 17. I'm about to turn 31 and things I'm experiencing seem far removed from those diagnosis. For example; I hallucinate sometimes. Normal things in my life will contort or twist but never change into anything else they just move. Usually if I close my eyes and count to ten it'll stop. I have extreme anxiety dealing with other people, conversations, even having to go to work. I don't like going outside. I have moments where I feel like I'm not really paying attention or zoning out of myself. I'm extremely emotional and self conscious. I sometimes hear things that no one else does. I have this voice in my head that sounds like me, like normal, but it always seems to try to control my thoughts in a negative direction...I don't know what I have anyone else have emotions or issues like this?"
"grand mothers funeral its been a hard few months. my grandmother has been in and out of the hospital for months. ive had a hard time with everything   She raised me. when my mother was too busy working during my childhood and me not having a dad, it was her who did everything for me. We played games. Watched movies. Went to the park. All the great things that grandmothers and parents do. It was her.   She died last saturday. Ive known about it since i read the text in a line at dunkin donuts. It never set in until today.   Seeing her coffin. Realizing i can never play another board game with her again. Its too real. I dont know how to handle this. My family is fighting over stuff and i cant deal with that either. I just dont know what to do. It doesnt feel like it should have happened.  She was lonely the years leading up to when she passed and i shouldve spent more time with her. I shouldve been there for her and made her days better. I never thought i would be the one walking her coffin from the hearse.   Now i have college to continue worrying about, and i just want to call her and tell her ill be over later to play scrabble with her and listen to a record.  But i cant"
"I consider myself emotionally and thus mentally weak. Despite financial success, having a few relationships in my life and other qualities that I do not know even count anymore, even with all the therapy in the world, I will never lose the fact that I am weak. I will ALWAYS have an emotional side that is a hair trigger away from engaging at any point in my life, high or low. Emotions, despite whatever women say are fucking kryptonite to women... Our world is so fucked and we are transforming it so that we cowtow to the less than 1%, inclusivity, equality, men are women and women are men but our biology IS our biology. Men are overwhelmingly attracted to women and vice versa and our biology dictates that no matter how much the powers are trying to fuck with the script, gender roles especially, of how we are to societally be or anecdotes that are raised, SECURITY is something that women will be exclusively disproportionate in needing. You cannot have security in a man that is depressed and is not ALWAYS the rock and could potentially break down at something like the irrational thought of his parents dying and not being around even when they are perfectly healthy.Depressed men = emotionally weak men = do not have a 100% ratio of being the rock, the security = that woman, if applicable, runs away to the candy store of infinite options of men, that will run to her with the snap of the finger and she knows this = man, not fulfilling his biological purpose of reproduction and being attractive to the opposite sex, gets severely depressed and either falls under the rug to remain invisible forever or goes into the dirt.We have to remember that men not being open about emotions, is more than likely it not being societally acceptible for him to do so, rather than it just being ""Me man, me have no emotion. Me strong"". He bottles it and suffers in silence and dies younger. Am I fooling myself in thinking that if I build on all other functions of my life that I will find a woman that will accept depression and weakness or am I doomed to repeat the same sick pattern of women sticking around for a few years and then eventually leaving... *Philosophic thoughts - OPINIONS NEEDED* Is there room for weak men?"
"What drives the fingernail biting/skin eating tick? I know fingernail biting/eating the skin around the nails is a common anxious/nervous tick but I never understood why. Personally, for me, my ticks come in the form of movement, rocking back and forth, shaking my limbs, moving my body into small spaces as a safety blanket, etc. I’ve always thought that putting your fingers that touch everything in your mouth was kinda gross. Is there a reason why you bite your nails or is it unconscious habit? Is it like OCD where its a “if i don’t bite my nails x and y will happen”  what drives your fingernail biting tick?"
I hooked up two pretty great guys together. It feels kinda good to see them talk to each other. I don't want anyone to feel alone ya know.
I live with abusive family that is for one. I get screamed at for anything I do so I just stay in my room to avoid them. But I have 0 friends and no partner obviously. I had an online friend for a little bit and he just snapped at me saying how I am npd and a loser (screenshots in my post history). Idk what to even think anymore. Why does everyone hate me. I do not know if I am the shitty one or everyone around me is
does anyone wanna talk rn and be friends we can talk about whatever i just want new friends
"Redditors, I need your immediate input Ive been off/on suicidal for years. I just couldnt bring myself  to do it because I always had hope. That hope is gone now. I guess id like to know if any of you have similar situations pushing you to the brink. Ill start.....  Cons: Massive amounts of debt... currently 4 months behind on car note, student loans etc  Child support has been kicking my ass. I see my child very infrequently. Id like to more but I live an hour away and his mother uncooperative.   Make decent money, but between student loans, child support, medical payments, rent. Im behind every month. I dont have car insurance because I cant afford it.  Unsupportive family  No friends  Had gf. We broke up. Shes dating... im not  Legal trouble. Judge threatening six months jail for driving on suspended license from 2008. Had an attorney who basically did jack shit. Have a warrant in another county for open container and throwing a cigarette out the window.   Just got over kidney cancer.   Military- PTSD  Pros: Tall, handsome,  decent amount of trade skills and certifications for decent career. Love working out and fitness. Associates degree. Honorable discharge from military."
"Help with a (likely) depressed SO I'm not sure this is the right place to post this, so if it's not - please let me know!  I am engaged to my SO (male) of over 8 years. He's shown signs of depression before, though he was always resistant to label himself or admit he needed help. It never affected his life to much, just made him seem a bit ""lazy"" or unmotivated to family members and such (which I think really has affected his self esteem)  Over the past couple months, it has started to affect his life more. As we plan our wedding, I think the stress of money has been nagging on him. He has a job and has been doing great there - it's the first job he's had in a while that he seems to really like, which is great. But it's barely (if even) paying his bills and, in that way, causing more stress and making him feel worse when he needs to ask for financial help.  On days off or days that he doesn't work, it's not unusual for him to suffer from insomnia or sleep 14+ hours (one or the other...or one one day, and the other the next). He had a rough time eating for a while, just had no appetite - recently, that's been better though.  It's hard to deal with it because it feels like he doesn't care about me. I really, honestly, deep down believe he does. It's just hard to not feel it when he sleeps through days where we were supposed to go out or ends up being half an hour late because he couldn't motivate himself to get up and get ready. We've talked a lot, and I think it's kind of making him shut down as he ends up feeling guilty and like I think he's terrible, and then I feel guilty because I'm probably just making things worse and making him spiral further into himself.  He has expressed (often) feeling like a loser or like he's letting people down and he's a failure. He recently messed up an application to a college program, and was too ashamed to tell me so he hid it for a week or so because he knew I'd be upset (and as much as I wish I could say I didn't freak out about it, I did a little bit)  I guess I struggle to differentiate what I should take personally and what I should attribute to depression.   Anyway, this post is super unorganized - sorry. He's agreed to go to a doctor to get a proper diagnosis finally. I'm just wondering what I can do/should do/should avoid doing as he goes through this?"
I wish i had a gun If i had one I probably pulled the trigger already
"Me [27M] just dumped by my girlfriend [23F] after 2 1/2 years together: advice for someone coming off of a breakup for the first time? Hey all, apologies if this comes off as a pity party, I am really just looking for some advice.  My ex was unhappy with our relationship and ended it pretty suddenly, over the phone, last night. I am not blaming her, I have some hang-ups that I can understand her not wanting to deal with.   It all just feels so sudden. I thought we were working things out but apparently she wants to be with someone else. I guess I was just ignoring the elephant in the room, and it isn't really sudden at all. We never moved in but were thinking about it, so no mess with finances or anything. Just sadness.  I used to hate myself a lot before she came into my life and taught me that I can be loved, but now I am feeling decidedly unlovable. What steps should I take to try and move on? This was my first real relationship. I feel numb and sad but I know that I can't wallow forever. Anyone know any good podcasts, books, websites etc. that I could look at to try and figure things out?   TLDR - I messed up a good thing with my ex and now I am alone, feeling terrible. What advice/recommendations would you give someone coming off of their first major breakup?"
"My wife is pregnant with our first. HELP! We are fairly financially stable and have good jobs and a house - all the usual problems I guess people face aren’t huge for us. Not boasting, I just want to keep focussed.   I need to know all the little things. The things I don’t know that I don’t know. The best resources to find out while dodging all the hearsay and the ‘may/possible/could’ kind of ‘research’ or help websites that are just sponsored garbage.  I am just at the start of such a huge journey and I just want to be as organised as possible.   Any insight is more appreciated than you could ever know!"
R/anexity Hi I am Walid nefzi I am 17 years old I have a problem that will seems to you kind of small thing but it's a big problem for me that can end up to failing at high school it's that I cannot do any gymnast and that make my life like a nightmare so I hope that you can help me and make me feel better and happier I am from tunisia city of El Krib  I am waiting for you to help me because I have a faith in you to help me
"I told him I wanted it, why am I breaking down? I need help. 26, married 8 years. Washington state. 2 kids. No house/assets really. No legal involvement yet.   Reasons for wanting the divorce, he’s unfaithful. After years of pushing me into having an open relationship, and finally closing it down to be monogamous, still unfaithful, talking to girls and telling them he is divorced. He has an extreme porn addiction that had made our sexual life harder to maintain for his needs. He is depressed/angry and refuses to seek help. He claims to be suicidal, and he’s telling me I’m the reason why. He’s not attracted to me anymore, and he does not like how emotional I am.   I was diagnosed bipolar last fall, and have been working on maintaining a stabilized mood. Lots of dr appointments, being medicated and still working full time. It’s been hard, but I’ve gotten through it.   THE THING. He’s from out of state. He wants to move back to his home state.   1.	I want to keep and protect my children. This is the uttermost importance to me.  2.	I am terrified of what this is going to happen to me financially. I make twice he does now, but I still rely on that income to pay my bills.  3.	I am lost right now. I can’t stop crying, I am so low and sad, and the only person I want to hug and make better I can’t anymore."
"It's a big step, but it was a huge letdown I told my family tonight that I've been suicidal for a year and more now, but no one took me seriously. I'm going to do it soon, maybe. If I find a convenient way to do it. They don't understand that gratitude isn't connected to my depression and how I just want to die. They don't know how wanting to die has nothing to do with being ungrateful or not trying to understand them. I just want to not exist. I still love. I still become happy. I just don't want to exist."
"I have no friends I’ve ruined everything I’ve ever done by being completely socially inept. How do I stop coming across as condescending, judgmental, or rude?"
"If your friend (or someone close) killed themselves, would it encourage or discourage you to do the same? Of course it probably would differ in action but what's your guess? Also, not asking for a friend, no worries.   Sorry if it's inappropriate question, I'm just curious."
"Gym Workout Routine Apps I really love strength training with weights, but am not knowledgeable about creating my own weekly routines in the gym. Does anyone know of any free or low-cost apps that can create these workout routines for you?   &amp;#x200B;  Thank you in advance!"
"Nonverbal communication and relationships? Advice? I need to know. My partner forgets I'm on the spectrum, and is constantly getting frustrated with me because of my nonverbal communication and cues.  I genuinely cannot help this. Sometimes, words are lost on me. ""can I have a kiss"" ""how are you"" ""can I please have some of that"" and I'm just flat out unable to use my words at all.  I make noises and motions similar to what I'm asking for, but he's told me he's over it, it's not cute and I need to stop. Which has really hurt me.   But this is something I've done since I was a kid. And not a lot of people get to see that side of me. Only people I really love and care about, who I feel totally safe and at home with.   I've tried to communicate as best I can with him that this is who I am, but I'm not sure he understands (or even believes) it. He believes I'm just being demanding when that's not the case at all. I've explained this to him (obviously when I've been able to be verbal) but he still interprets it the wrong way.   It's just taking a toll on me because I can't change who I fundamentally am as a person. Has anyone else had to deal with this, or something similar in their relationships?"
"Making a task meditative I have recently gotten a job that forces me to wake up much easier than I have ever needed to. There are two thing my body craves when I wake up: coffee and meditation. I make my coffee in a pour over carafe thing, and I've always found it to be *almost* meditative. (Listening to the water start to boil, pouring the water in slow circles and watching the grinds change) I don't have a ton of time in the morning now to brew my coffee for 10 minutes and then meditate for another 10-15 minutes.  I feel like I've heard of people meditating while doing things/rituals, but Im not exactly sure how to accomplish that. I've been meditating regularly for a few years, but usually listen to guided tracks on Insight Timer. I am wondering if anyone can explain how I can double up my time and get a true meditative experience from this morning ""ritual"".  TLDR; I want to turn my pour over coffee making time in the AM into a meditation, not sure how to go about it."
"Family doesn’t get me. My family doesn’t really know me and they don’t really show interest in me.  I guess I’m a bit weird because I am from small town, America and I’ve live and travel abroad.  My favorite food isn’t from small town, America either.  After spending time with them, I usually walk away feeling disappointed because it feels like they don’t care about me.  It makes me feel lonely even when there are bunch of them around me.  I can’t wait to get out of this place again."
"Does anyone ever get hyper aware of their body and then super uncomfortable afterword? I’ll have these moments where my body feels separate from my clothes and I’ll feel like I’m naked despite being fully clothed in a room. I don’t know how else to really describe, but what follows is me feeling incredibly uncomfortable."
"can anyone relate or analyze my situation? I want true answers and I'm not seeing a therapist for another 2 weeks about.  I have a history of drug addiction but I don't think that's what is causing what I'm gonna mention here, as these things still existed to the fullest after 7 months of clean time.  Basically it's very hard for me to hold a conversation with anyone besides really close friends. I talk for a minute or two and get a strong urge to do something else. I actually think this may be ADD/ADHD as soooo many people have told me I have this.  The major problem is that during the day time, I have zero motivation, energy, focus, you name it. Once nighttime hits I suddenly feel alive and feel like myself again. After a short period of talking with a psych, she put me on Wellbutrin 100mg twice a day - but it's not even been 3 weeks yet so I don't think it is time yet to notice the effects. Am I depressed? Someone told me you become a night person when you get depressed and that's totally me - a night person - but up to 14 months ago, I was never like this. I would wake up feeling good and ready for the day, but now it's all meh.   Idk, just looking for feedback I guess."
"Should I be afraid? My abuser called my mother and said he ""hadnt done anythinf YET "".  What do I do and should I worry? I can't call the police as there is no recording of the chat. I don't know how he got her number. I haven't seen him in almost a decade. Am I over reacting?"
"How do you deal with the public perception of the BPD? Luckily for my my girlfriend and a hand full of my closest friends have all stayed in my life despite my BPD but as soon as I tell plenty of people will just google ""BPD"", read all the ""run for your lives"" articles and social media posts and want nothing to do with you. How do you deal with this negative perception and the people you lose over it?"
"Mean people People are so mean, who are you to tell me that what I’m feeling isn’t true ?!!??"
"Blanked A few months ago I met a woman. We instantly hit it off, after hanging out a few times I'd completely fallen for her.  We spent hours laughing together, always messaging eachother and had created lots of private jokes and so on.  I started to see a future with her. I'm 36, she's 37. But suddenly she said she needs space. Now I feel completely lost.  I can't keep my mind off of it. She rarely speaks, and when she does she's quite vague/cold.  I'm not really asking anything here. Just putting my feelings out there. I just feel so lost and can't wait for bedtime every day so I can sleep and forget about it for a bit."
"Indiana Concealed Carry, please help clarify! Hello, friends.    I was just wondering if someone could help to clarify the concealed carry laws in Indiana. So I currently have a hunting/target license. Am I correct in assuming that I need to have a personal protection carry license instead? And also is there an individual concealed carry license that I need to obtain, or am I able to just conceal carry with the personal protection license? Thank you for any and all help!"
"Meds or nothing help me, I sometimes think my life is suppose to be like this.I do not know what to say, life sucks. No matter what I do to try to find some happiness nothing works. Is there anyway to stop thinking about suicide? Its eating me alive, everyday its all I think about, every-time something happens bad in my life I just tell myself Ill end up killing myself so who cares."
"I have had depression for as long as I can remember. I have tried multiple medications, but they all seem to work for a little bit and then everything is numb again. I go to therapy, and talk to someone, but it does not fix the pain. I am not depressed about anything in particular, its just that feeling. That horrible teeth sinking hole I have. Its so hard to describe, but its mentally painful. I do not know how long I can bare with this feeling. I just want it to stop, I do not know how else to make it stop. It hurts so bad. Its this overwhelming horrible agonizing mental pain. I just want it to stop. Its just so painful"
"I feel really bad. Everytime i try to come to this sub, i feel really, fucking bad now. About two years ago, i went into this sub daily, just trying to open up, trying to find answers, letting shit out, basically the usual stuff.   As time went on, i started to try to get better and gradually stop coming into this sub daily. But i don't think i actually have gotten better, i just don't feel the same, i don't know what it is. Sometimes i wanted to go this sub again but i started to feel bad, because i feel that i can't help all of you guys, replying to posts here, and if i don't comment on a post, it feels like i'm ignoring a cry for help. I also feel bad because i always think i shouldn't open up to this sub because i don't think that my problem and what i feel is bad enough compared to the what people had going through here. Opening up to friends feels a lot worse because they'd think i'm crazy.  So i started drinking, and smoking again, not calling myself an alcoholic but i drink a lot more often than before. I thought that if i can't open up to anyone, might as well just try to mend it off a bit. Now i feel like i'm stuck in a limbo, i feel empty and when i don't, i feel like shit. I don't want to kill myself but i hate myself, i'm disgusted at myself. Self loathing has become a part of me than just a problem. Trying to get it off would make me feel like i lose my identity.   Once again, i feel really bad and i just want to apologize. I feel that i owe the people in this sub, because all of you are the ones who kept me from losing my grip, but i can't give back. I don't know what to do, probably keep drinking again."
"Depression So I for some reason can’t think of a good reason for my depression I’m just sitting in class rethinking a lot of thinks , and crying in class I don’t know what to do and I’m just off ..."
"Went on holiday, forgot to pack meds **tldr: Travelled interstate to see family and forgot to pack my meds even though I really tried hard to remember. I ran out today and can't get any more until I'm back home on the 16th of January. It kinda sucks.**  So, yeah. Out of all of the things that you'd think are important when packing, like underwear, a toothbrush, goddamn phone chargers, *I forgot my meds*. I even sat them on top of the bag so I'd remember to put them in after I took one in the morning, and I still fucking got it wrong. Sometimes I feel like I'm simultaneously the old person with dementia and the family member trying to keep them organised. I just wander around and never get anything done, at least not in the order I'm supposed to.   I had a smaller supply spare in my carry-on luggage, but not enough to last over a month. I ran out a couple of days ago (I think) and didn't actually realise until I went searching for the full supply. I figured it was just buried in some odd pocket somewhere but no, it's not there. I'm dry.   I can't even get any more. My psychiatrist is away and I'm using Modafinil off-label, so without his signature on a script I'd have to pay full sticker-price at around $300. I need the meds but I'm a student, and it's not $300 worth of need.   The fog is already back. I lose most of the day without realising it, and I haven't done any of the things I swore I'd do. I got about 5 pages into this awesome new book before I got distracted for about an hour. I don't even know how I used to live like this. It just sucks. It's not the end of the world, but it sucks."
"Physical pain I can’t even relax to fall asleep.. feels like anxiety is torturing me. It’s anxiety and phobia.  Physically I’m feeling really bad.  Stomach hurts, head hurts. What is your anxiety experience, do you have physical pain from anxiety too?"
My girlfriend has an ass like onion I would eat it but my breath would stink
"Beginner-intermediate PPL workout. Hey all, first time posting here so hopefully not breaking any rules. I've been doing some research into PPL workouts and have seen nothing but good things.  I decided I would try to follow a workout guideline I found  and made some tweaks to. Id appreciate some feedback on the overall splits.   As some background info, I'm 22, male, currently about 245 pounds and 6'4 tall. I work a desk job so this is basically my only exercise.  My goal is to drop my excess fat and get then retain a toned body. (Nothing to crazy big). I used to lift a lot in high school but stopped over the last few years. I did retain most of my form knowledge though. Anyway, here's the link. Lemme know what you all think.   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1A5OSh2HN2YO06EZ0MW3wT986PYvLgnwdwrPKwwrj1jU/edit?usp=drivesdk"
"I do not want to die, I just do not want to feel like this anymore. It feels suffocating, to have my parents control my every move. I feel like I am a prisoner to my own home. I know that they are doing this out of love, but it is hindered my social skills. I struggle to open up to my friends about my issues because I have always been the one at their beck and call. I cannot seem to recall a day where I did not worry about anything and everything. I hate that I worry about everything. I do not know what I want to be when I leave high school. I feel so helpless and hopeless. I am going to contradict myself to death.I do not know what else to write- my chest hurts and everything feels fake. Like the world is wrapped in cellophane and my brain's taken a vacation. I do not know what to put here (and I hope that you do not mind that)"
"Letting go and permanence So the other day for the first time while meditating I feel like I entirely let go and it was amazing I came to the realization that everything that’s happened has happened is behind me and for an amazing moment I feel like I felt true presence. However, since then I still been meditating and once in awhile I’ll catch glimpses of that feeling especially after I finish working out and meditate then. But very brief short glimpses of it. Aside from that I been having my anxiety like usual and even kinda worse then before idk if this is a good thing or it isn’t. Can you guys give me some insight or advice on how to get permanent with this and letting go anything will be greatly appreciated"
"If I live and work in different states, how does income tax work? I currently live in MA and 99% of my work is in MA. I plan on moving to either NH or ME soon. If I lived in NH where there is no income tax, I know that I'd have to file a nonresident return since my income source is still MA. But if I lived in Maine, would I pay Maine income tax as well as having to file a nonresident return?"
"Could an Alexa skill help parents with their child's education? Hi,  I'm writing an Alexa skill that helps parents of children in secondary education, aged 11-18. It will provide information about their timetable, homework, performance, etc. The idea is that it helps parents communicate with their children and support them more but, hopefully, not micro-manage them.  I started the skill so I could ask my son, who is dyslexic and struggles to recall information, ""How did your lesson on the Industrial Revolution go today? Do you need help with your Linear Equations homework?"". I want informed conversations with him, encouraging him to remember what had happened that day so I can offer appropriate help. While his school provides some information needed for this on their website, I find I need it most first thing in the morning or in the evening, typically when I have an iron or saucepan in my hand. Now, with the Alexa skill, I simply ask ""Does Michael have any homework?"" and ""What did Michael study today?"".  I'd now like to know if this idea would help other parents and benefit their children too.  Ultimately, I'd like to get some beta-testers involved who could provide feedback and suggest features to make it even better.  Please let me know what you think of the idea and whether you'd like to get involved in testing.  Thanks"
"4 year old won’t sleep in his bed and we are all exhausted My son has been refusing to sleep in his own bed for almost a year now. Some nights he falls asleep in his bed, but it’s only after getting up and out of his room multiple times, leading usually to my husband or myself having to be stern with him. We have a 6 year old daughter who is sometimes subjected to our sons whining and crying, which really isn’t fair because she needs her sleep. He will sometimes crawl in bed with her, and wake her up. Nearly every night he makes his way into our bed and my husband winds up migrating to the couch because of the kicking and grabbing that comes with sharing a bed with a toddler. My husbands got a bad back so he’s in a lot of pain and rarely gets more than 4 hours a night due to our sons antics. We’ve tried putting a gate in his doorway to his bedroom but it was meltdown city. I’ve slept in his room with him but that only worked for one night. Anyone else dealing with this?I’m completely at a loss. He doesn’t respond to discipline; he laughs at us when we talk sternly, yell, and I’ve swatted his butt once or twice and he thought it was funny. We never had this problem with our daughter and we are all so tired."
"Why is Taco Bell running adds with Illuminati symbolism? Is it a simple play on some idea that ""conspiracy theorists"" eat taco bell? Is Pizza Hut going to come out with deals for 5 bucks off if you bring a 5-year old with you to the ""store""? Just seems kinda dark."
"This has been my life for years now. Just stay alive until the next day, then the day after that, and the day after that. I never get anywhere. Therapy does not work, meds do not work. I have jumped through all the hoops society expects of me to get help. It feels like all the rationales I have used in the past to try and keep going are crumbling. I do not know why I am still here. I am just trying to survive the day"
"26 year old virgin I've been in a relationship. I've never hug,kissed, or had sex with a girl. Probably haven't even talked to a girl for more than 10 minutes.  I'm horrified that a relationship will never work out for me.  I don't even know how to kiss or have sex.  So many women say they don't like virgins or that they don't want to show the ropes to virgins.  What the fuck do I do?  I'm socially retarded. Will any women be forgiving about this?"
"Hey redditors that suffer from bipolar and have a past of self harm. Have you found yourself, as you get older, transferring that pain to other outlets? Story made short. I used to self harm when I was 13-15 years old. I got it under control with Seroquel and then weened myself off of it around 18.  I’m currently 28. I haven’t been on any antidepressants since  and haven’t had any issues until about 3 years ago. I slowly slipped back into my old bipolar self again but felt like I had a good handle on it using exercise and meditation as an outlet. In the last 6 months I’ve found myself going to the bar almost every night to have a drink or two and if I just go home after I end up drinking several glasses of wine. I’m just curious if this is just because of stress or if anyone else finds their mental state translating over to alcoholism to cope. I thought I was doing alright for myself but I took a step back and reevaluated and I’m concerned. Any input would be greatly appreciated on how I should navigate this new chapter of my mental illness."
"I wrote about my demon, ""The Wolf"". [Here's](https://etinterra.home.blog/2019/01/06/creating-and-invoking-a-demon-the-wolf/) the post.   I made another post a little while ago about how this demon sort of came to be and I talk about it in this post too. It's a longish read but I broke it up a lot with pictures of drawings and journal entries since people seemed to like that.   I hope you'll read it. I'm looking for people who can relate in some way, and to kind of ""get it out there"".   Thanks, friends."
"I don’t think it’ll get better. It always feel like it will but I can’t do it the lows for much longer. It feels like it’ll get better. It honestly does. I stop feeling this crushing weight for a couple of weeks. I clean my act up, stop smoking. I make friends. And then life just fucks me up. I have nobody to talk to. My therapist is out for a while. I’m aching so bad. It hurts to be alive.   It’ll never fully improve. I’m always going to cling so desperately to fleeting happiness and naivety. I get nostalgic and I haven’t even lived through a quarter of this shit. I’m numb but I can feel everything at the same time."
"I’m a stay at home mom, and I don’t like my kids anymore. As the title says I stay home with my kids. It’s not really physically exhausting. I know that my husband, who works in the oils fields, has a much harder job than I do. He is gone two weeks at a time and home for a week. When he does work he works long 16 hour days. So I try not to vent to him too much because, damn his job is hard.   I have three kids: 6, 5, and 3. The six year old goes to school during the day and the other two are home with me. I also nanny a little girl before she goes to day care for about an hour and a half and I pick her up and have her for around an hour. Honestly my kids really aren’t bad. Sure they fight with each other occasionally and they spill things and make messes, but nothing out of the ordinary for kids.   I am so mentally spent though. My day starts at 5:30 in the morning and goes until about nine at night. There is always someone needing something all the time. I never have a minute to think about anything for myself. I am always either cooking a meal, cleaning up after the meal, cleaning the house in general, breaking up fights, or wiping someone’s ass. I can’t even go into the bathroom by myself without somebody bursting in because one looked at another in a weird way.   I am so tired. I have found myself slowly retreating to my room more and more. The dishes are starting to pile up and I don’t know when the last time I mopped the floor was. This morning at 3 my three year old came in to tell me she peed her bed. I put a pull up on her before she went to sleep and for some reason she decided she needed to take it off and ended up soaking her mattress. As I’m in there cleaning up her mess my six year old tells me he peed his bed. He hasn’t peed his bed in years. Why on earth it happened tonight I don’t know. So now I have to clean that up too.   After I was done I laid in my bed and just cried. I’m so tired. I know it was my choice to have children. I know it’s not their fault and they are just being kids. I want to go back to work. I want to talk to adults. I want friends again :( I try so hard not to take anything out on them. But sometimes I snap and I feel so guilty. So I feed them turn on cartoons and go to my room. I feel like such a terrible mother. I love them. I really do,but I’m exhausted. I have had this feeling of dread looming over me for quite sometime now and I have done a pretty good job of keeping it at bay, but I don’t think I can anymore. I know one day they won’t need me as much anymore and I’ll probably regret feeling this way but I can’t shake it.    Replying to all of you lovely people:  The outpouring of love and support has me in tears. Day care out here is phenomenal. It’s 155 a week for just one child so two would be 310 and that 1240 a month. I wouldn’t be able to get a job to cover that as amazing as that sounds.  I do although love the idea of getting a membership to the ymca. With summer approaching I am dreading what I am going to do with all three of them home. Going to the y seems like it would be a good choice for me and them. They could have an activity to do during th day while I have time to do what I want.   I feel better knowing I’m not alone in the way that I feel. I consider myself to be a very physical person meaning that I love being touched or hugged but when it’s three kids constantly hanging on you it can be a lot.  I do try very hard not to take my emotions out on the kids which is why I go to my room, even if it is only five minutes before someone is knocking on the door.   Thank you so much for all of your kind words. I did speak to my husband and of course he was very understanding and interested in getting something together for me to get out of the house more. If I may, he really is the most perfect man."
"Toddler kicking door at bedtime Good afternoon R/parenting,  My wife and I are at our wits end. Our toddler has started relentlessly kicking his door for about 15 minutes after we put him in his room for bed. Nothing we have tried so far has been able to put an end to the behavior before we get overly frustrated. We have tried redirecting several times and talking to him about expectations with no change in behavior. Has anyone else seen similar behavior?"
Why did the chicken commit suicide? To get to the other side.
Depression from Culture Shock/Moving to a New Country Does anyone here experience depression due to being in a new country or culture that you don't understand? What are some difficulties you're dealing with?
"Made a step in the right direction to getting healthier. So I've been dealing with depression, anxiety, and some paranoia for years. Since the beginning of the year all my coping mechanisms haven't been working -- for various reasons my mental health took a nose dive. My desire to live was non-existent but I'm slowly clawed my way out of the darkest periods. And yesterday I got in touch with a therapist and sent over my availability to make an appointment. I haven't heard back as of yet but I feel like just the initial contact is a bigger step forward than I have been able to take in years.   I just wanted to celebrate a small victory. Now I just need to follow through with the appointment."
"Long term people I am good with talking to people I've never met before but i get terrified of talking to people I've talked to before. For example, I have the absolute hardest time making friends in class or at work because its always the same people and if i talk to them once they'll expect it and assume that I'll be as charming as I was when we first talked; but I never am. I get so anxious about it that I end up just not instigating conversation and then they just eventually give up on talking to me and fade away socially.  I havent really made any friends in college because of this anxiety"
"Working for a startup in PA and have not been compensated properly About 6 weeks ago I started doing part-time (20 hrs a week) front end development for a young startup (technically a C corp.)  Everything seemed fine and I verbally agreed with the founder on an hourly rate, but no paperwork was signed. I sent multiple emails asking for clarification on my employment status and I haven't received any contracts or paperwork that indicate that I work there or how much I am supposed to be compensated. Every time I send an email asking for these details, the founder sets up a phone call instead of confirming via email or text.  After two weeks I sent in my first invoice and ever since then I have been given the run around and given a slew of excuses and missed deadlines for getting paid. So far I have only been paid one sixth of what is totally owed to me (now three invoices -- he's paid me for half of one.)  I feel powerless because we haven't signed any paperwork so I don't know how to go about getting compensated and leaving the situation. Obviously I want to quit immediately but I am worried that if I do, I will not be paid the previous invoices, especially since I have no paperwork.   I was promised to be compensated in full by next week (Jan 11th) but I am skeptical that it will happen, or that the founder can actually secure these investments that he's been talking about. I'm quickly running out of time and money to continue working for free basically.   I guess I know that since I have no paperwork it's difficult to take this to a court or something, but I mean there is evidence that I've done work for the startup, I have plenty of emails as documentation of our compensation talks/his excuses and I have proof that I have been doing work in the form of git branches and commits. Is there anything I can do to make sure I am paid for these previous invoices if I were to immediately quit? Or is it best to continue working and holding onto the hope that he MIGHT pay me for all this work I've done."
Raid shadow legends started the meme themselves. Raid shadow legends started the meme about them being the sponsor to get more free advertising
"I don't know what I'm doing So yeah, I basically feel like I'm a worthless bag of meat, that just sticks around people until they're sick of me. My girlfriend is really patient with me all the time since we've met, and even her is having trouble being patient with me. I love her like I've never loved anything in my life, and I feel like shit when I say something wrong or hurtful and she's sad, so it makes my anxiety go wild and then I end up being a crying mess that's just begging for her to help me, while it's me that hurt her in the first place. Sorry I can't even write a post that makes sense haha, kinda losing my mind right now. Thanks to anyone who have read until the end anyway (and sorry for my bad English, I'm french)"
"Are Chest Dips bad for your shoulders? They are currently part of my chest workout, and as I was doing my sets today I was approached by someone who told me to be careful. Apparently he used to do them, too, but after a while got problems in his shoulder which vanished after he took dips out of his routine. Is this likely due to bad form or should I switch to a different exercise? If so can you recommend one?"
"It feels like I can't actually get my emotions out I don't think that I can actually truly feel sad. Anytime something objectively sad happens I mentally discount it. For example, my dog died recently, but instead of actually getting sad about it, I thought 'well, this is how you grow as a person'. I recently moved across the US, leaving all my friends and my life behind. I knew I probably would never see them again. Once again I just thought 'this is how you grow and get more mature'. Though mentally I stop thinking about whatever made me sad, the feeling is still there. And any time I think about it I always push it back down. It is incredibly difficult for me to cry, shit has to be going very, very wrong for me to get to that point, I didn't about moving states, I didn't about adjusting to a new country (different move) and I didn't about my dog. Is this normal??"
"Would anyone be interested in writing about anxiety for an online magazine? Hello all!   I hope everyone is safe and healthy during this difficult time. I know the situation is provoking a lot of anxiety for everyone and I want to create a space where people can use their voice to tell their story. Writing can significantly reduce anxiety and having a place to tell your story is important. On the other side, reading other people’s stories can be a great relief to know that you are not alone. I would like to invite you all to submit a writing piece for an online magazine about mental health. It does not have to relate to the current situation, it can be about any time in your life where you have dealt with anxiety. Here are the options:  Story: Share your voice. Write about a time in your life when you experienced anxiety and how it affected you. It could be a single day, anxiety at school, or your experience with anxiety throughout your whole life. You can talk about how you handled it and how you overcame it.   Article: Create an article to help others with their anxiety. Examples: 6 Ways to Reduce Anxiety While Driving, Reduce Anxiety When Talking to People by Following these Steps, How to Journal to Decrease Anxiety, etc.  Poem: If you’d like a more creative option, write a poem about anxiety. This can be anything you want it to be!   Let me know if any of you are interested!"
"did something bad I did something bad and hurtful, it’s still to fresh to apologize, but now I have horrible anxiety anytime I think about it and don’t know how to cope. Is there something I can in the meantime to help my anxiety, like prayer or writing? Any help will be very appreciated."
"Prescribed Seroquel, is it the right option? Hey guys! So today I've been prescribed Seroquel by my general practitioner, and after some googling I'm worrying a bit, as I'm not sure it's the right option for me.  The reason I want an antipsychotic is mainly because of performance anxiety, my constant feelings of worry, and general anxiety.   The reason I worry is because I'm reading online that the duration of its effects are about 12 hours in total, and I'm supposed to take it at night, but won't that mean that any beneficial effects will have subsided the next morning?  Or does Seroquel have lasting beneficial effects that persist after it's initial duration? Perhaps because my brain will get used to seroquel and thus it may change the way my brain functions even after it has worn off?  I'm also very afraid that this medication may cause too much sedation, or sedation that persists after waking up. I hate feeling sedated as it makes me feel terrible due to the inability to think clearly.   I'm not really sure about this, and the GP didn't look at which medication was best for me, but rather one that she was most familiar with.  Oh well, I will start taking it tonight, and we'll see how it goes. I will also read up on other antipsychotics, perhaps Dipipiron is a good one to try if this one doesn't work for me.    Cheers!"
"Does anyone else worry about their heart and get chest pain symptoms? To give background, more than a couple times in my life I’ve gone to the ER with symptoms that vaguely mimic heart issues, as recently as 6 months ago, I stepped off a plane after the door was closed and got an ambulance to the nearest hospital,’for fear of having a heart attack in the air. The hospital found nothing wrong (did EKG, bloodwork and X-Ray, but no echocardiogram). I couldn’t stomach the thought of getting on another plane and drove home 15 hours.   Now (probably not coincidentally) I am under a tremendous amount of stress again (moving across the country for a leadership role at my company and getting married this summer)... and I’m experiencing symptoms again.   This seem normal to you guys? Anyone else get pains in their chest?"
"Why do I feel guilty for wanting to leave my drug addicted husband? Long story very short, my husband has been abusing his prescription Klonopin. Has been on them for at least 5 years. He has some mental health issues and major depression. I think a lot of is caused by benzo. He also binge drinks with them so he can get even higher.  However, it's gotten to the point I can't take it anymore. He got really messed up in Oct tried to cheat on me with a friend. Then, in November he took 15 in one night and drank alcohol. His friend stayed to make sure he was going to wake up. He's gotten fired for wrecking a work truck because he drank and popped a pill and fell asleep. Most recently, he has left my kids alone or been fucked up when grandparents come. Last month he left my child because he forgot he had him.  This month he took 30 pills in three days. He's gone to lengths to hide the prescription. He won't do rehab. He will literally get his hands on anything to get high.   We have 3 kids and it's just something I don't want anymore. Of course, he tries to make me feel guilty and say I don't try. He's cheated on me numerous times. I stick around. But I want a divorce for sure this time. I can't keep living my life like this. It isn't fun. My kids are 6, 5 and 1.   I just want advice. Have you ever left someone with addiction issues? I am so scared he's going to overdose. He also doesn't think he has a problem. He is only supposed to take one at night to sleep. He will take them all in the first few days he gets them then have withdrawals the rest of the month. It's caused a lot of problems in our marriage. I don't feel attracted to him. Not because of looks just because of addiction and depression. It has changed him. It's been like this for years and each year worse. I have stayed in situations that women wouldn't even blink they would be gone.  I just like hearing from others who have been through the same."
"Beretta 81 - Lanyard Loop? I love my surplus Beretta 81, really smooth shooting gun. But I'm having a heck of a time finding a lanyard loop cap for it like my other Beretta has- Does one exist? Can anyone link me to where I could order that part? I really prefer having that extra level of retention a lanyard provides when I'm out on horseback or climbing on and off of ATVs all day."
"Starting a cult, meant to help people that feel lonely Hey everyone, As the title suggests, I recently started a cult, meant to help the type of people on this subreddit, I once was in the same position that you all are now, But life took a big turned, and now I mean to share everything with you people. We seek happiness through wealth, a feeling of a true functional family, and sexual relief, message me if you're interested!"
"Is there a downside to buying used? I am about to buy my first pistol for my CCW and I want to get a Sig P239, however due to it’s recent discontinuation the prices for new models have predictably gone up. What are the downsides to buying used?"
"Husband [35m] just called me [34f] a f****** c*** after I told him his negativity was exhaustive Watching my siblings dogs this weekend, who admittedly are a handful. We agreed we would do this one favor together knowing it was going to be a challenge. Well, it's been almost entirely me managing them. One of them pissed on the carpet overnight which really sucked but it's too late to do anything about it but clean it up. So I got out the supplies and started cleaning. In the middle of cleaning he goes off on my sibling that they are a horrible individual, should not own dogs (some truth to that), that hes going to call animal control and report sibling, that one of them might accidentally run away this weekend, all while I'm the one scrubbing. It was a full on tirade.  You have to understand that at this point he had been tirading about everything this past week: his work, his car, the weather, the lack of snacks in the house, his coffee etc.... literally everything. I let him rant this entire week and listened as sometimes you just need to let it out. But today i was just done with it. I needed help and instead he was verbally bashing my sibling, the dogs, and I'm done with the negativity at this point and ask him to please stop being so negative as it's been constant this entire week.  That's when he called me a f******* c*** and some other things. I asked what the hell I did to deserve that while breaking into tears and he had no response, just stormed off leaving me to handle the entire situation by myself.  I cleaned up the piss, took them out, and fed them all while sobbing. He didn't come back down for almost an hour. When he did, he didn't say anything to me and just continued tirading about the dogs. I left the room to take a shower and that's where I am now.  I don't know if this was just stress from this week but I finally expressed how I was feeling after letting him vent all week and he blew up on me. I'm at a loss.  TL;DR: I'm a f****** c*** because I told my husband to stop being negative"
"My serious BF (31M) brought up that he wants an open relationship and I'm (27F) not sure what to do I originally posted this in the non monogamy subreddit but thought I would come here for some advice too.  I was just hoping for some advice for someone who has never considered an open relationship before. I have been dating my boyfriend exclusively for 2 years and we have lived together for about 5 months. We've talked future, marriage, children, etc and have never discussed non-monogamy before at all.  He'd been acting weird lately and last night he told me he had feelings for/really cared about his coworker and they had been flirting and texting for a few weeks but nothing more. She is my age, married, and in an open relationship with her husband and has expressed interest in my boyfriend. Naturally I was crushed; finding out your boyfriend has feelings for someone else is a little heartbreaking. He told me how much he loved me and that I was his future but also asked if I would be willing to try an open relationship. He said if I said no he would respect that and never cheat (though he has cheated on past, less serious relationships before), but now there's all this pressure on me. He even pulled out the ""humans aren't meant to only be attracted to one person"" BS which I understand. Of course I've thought other men were cute or had crushes but I would never have acted on that. He feels terrible that he has been going behind my back but I don't know what to do.  I can't see myself dating other people and I don't even understand what an open relationship entails. Is it just sex or are you entering a relationship with another person. Would he meet her friends and family? Go on dates? Bring her home for threesomes? What do people typically do?? I just feel lost and confused and hurt. I know he's going to want an answer soon but I know nothing about what it would be. I don't even know if I could handle knowing he was out having sex with someone else. But this is clearly something he wants and feels strongly enough to come talk to me about it (he's typically not the most emotional person and often has trouble expressing his feelings).  There's also the added factor that he works with this woman so even if I say no, he is still seeing her all the time. I'm assuming if she has rules with her husband that she wouldn't continue to pursue him if she knew I had said no?  Most importantly, do people in open relationships (with a serious partner) ever fear that the feelings they develop for these other people might become stronger than the bond that you two have?  Sorry for the long post - I'm not sure how to talk to my friends about this since I don't want to skew their friendships with my boyfriend.  Thanks for reading.  tldr: my boyfriend has feelings for a coworker who is in an open relationship and wants us to try an open relationship. I know nothing about what they entails and don't know what to do."
Stalled divorce Any recommendations on getting things moving forward? My ex has had our settlement agreement offer for months and my attorney says we are just waiting for them to respond. My instinct is she’s going to drag this out as long as possible. We’ve tried mediation with no luck.   My attorneys aren’t being very helpful so I’m considering dumping them. I’ve told them repeatedly I’m ready to take her to court but they keep saying we should wait. Meanwhile I keep incurring legal fees and am putting my life on pause waiting.   I’m mostly just venting but any advice would be appreciated.
"Going into Foreclosure This is for Canadian rules. My ex husband, the charming deadbeat that he is, has decided he is not longer honouring our separation agreement paying martial debts while I pay our mortgage. Our house has been for sale for 7 months with no luck. The market sucks. House was built new and isn't very old that we have no equity into it. I also do not have the means to absorb a loss. He continues to tell me he is gifting me the house even though his name is still on the mortgage. I have asked to have a 90 day hold on our mortgage then if it does not sell the bank gets it. He does not think this will impact him in any way since I pay the mortgage. If he does not submit a 90 day hold with me, I will have to stop paying the mortgage and the bank's legal dept. gets involved. Is there something I am missing by him repeatedly saying he is gifting the house to me? Does this get him off the hook somehow? The lawyer says there is not point in trying to enforce the separation agreement considering my ex is already in the orderly repayment of debt program and has no assets. I see a bankruptcy trustee this week too. Anything specific I need to be asking?  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR-ex husband stopped paying, house headed for foreclosure."
"Having anxiety gives me even more anxiety... Today i woke up with a lot anxiety, no idea why. I'm trying to be rational and thinking why am i like this, why my pulsation is high, why cant i have breath deeply, and my chest hurts... Its not like this happens everyday, but when it happens i feel like its a bad omen, like something bad hapenned or its gonna happen. The last time i had this, was the day my uncle killed himself, so now i can't shake the feeling something bad is imminent. So everytime i get an anxiety attack im scared something will happen which makes me even more anxious. Trying to relax by checking my cat through a cam... Not helping atm."
"I act like such an idiot When I am low I cannot help but to isolate myself, it’s like everyone is ignoring me because I am a loser and it’s true. They purposely don’t want to text me and I don’t blame them, I can’t make conversations I am socially awkward and most the time suicidal. I wish I wasn’t like this but when they don’t text me I delete everything and hate them but afterwards I hate myself and they don’t even realise as they think it’s just normal."
"I cried for the first time in years because of what in was thinking about Im 16 M, and I’m not really the type of person to cry over something, it doesn’t matter if I’m physically or emotionally hurt. But right now in the middle of school, I’m sitting in study hall and i just started thinking a lot about myself dying and how I don’t have any potential to become anything in the future and I got really overwhelmed and I started to tear up."
"I can see depression in my eyes in pictures. Can you? When I was younger I used to hate taking pictures. The habit has never really went away , but, I realized it was because I hate looking at them afterwards.   Though still depressed, I am coming off of the darkest place I believe I've ever been. I didn't realize how bad I was until a few years ago a young actor committed suicide, a friend commented when his picture flashed on the screen that he had ""sad eyes"". It was very poignant and apt because though he was smiling, his eyes didn't move.   I noticed that stillness in my eyes as well in pictures. And it was kind of a wake up call for me.  It's to the point that I wonder if I've always been depressed as I haven't seen any pictures of my eyes not looking completely un-present.   I wonder 3 things: can other people see it? if not, am I just imagining it? Whenever I finally beat depression will my eyes look differently?  has anyone had any experience with this?"
"How do you get over the anxiety? Does anyone have any tips for getting over the anxiety that follows your soon to be ex spouse being out and ""single"" or talking to someone else?  I feel like I have to do everything but I can do nothing. I want to call and text her but that makes it worse. It seems like no matter what I do it makes it worse.   She just left tonight after a small argument and didn't even say goodnight to our daughter and I'm fairly upset. Last night she was out until 1 with a ""friend"". I'm just not sure what to do, I know patience and space is the best but god damn that's so hard right now. We're 3 weeks after she blindsided me with all of this, I'm just not she how to do anything yet. It feels like my heart is in my stomach and I can't breath, any advice or even just a conversation is welcome at this point. Tough times right now, thank you."
There should be a depression day - like an official day we all just refuse to get out of bed. We can say its to raise awareness. Depression Day
"Going back to college in two weeks SEND HELP. Alright, so I finally bit the bullet and registered for one of my last semesters to get my business degree. I dropped out of college after a particularly nasty manic episode, so I’m obviously apprehensive about going back, even though I’ve been stable (with a few short depressive spells) for nearly a year now. How do you cope with the stress of classes and the stress of bipolar disorder? Aside from scheduling myself time to decompress, how can I make sure that I get me work done and don’t become too overwhelmed? Anyone with bipolar successfully finish a degree and find a good job after? How did you/do you manage? Looking for any tips to make it through so I can finally make some decent money post grad. Thanks in advance, you lovely people!"
"Reaching out to a struggling employee? My family runs some restaurants and we have an employee whose family works with us. One of them has struggled with alcohol for years. She has been sober for 8 months but started drinking yesterday. She has called in, but i had a feeling of what happened.  From what her husband us saying, it sounds like she was white knuckling it and in the past few weeks got stressed out. She has requested off for next month for a couple to visit her parents who she hadnt seen in 8 years. Her family was looking forward to seeing her sober.   Lately she has been sober (according to her husband, who has worked with us for decades) for 8 months but yesterday started drinking again.   I am not very close to their family outside of work, but ww have worked together for most of my life and i hate to see her go back down this path. I am less concerned about my staffing issues (when sober she is unstoppable and helps everyone) and far more concerned about if there is any way to help her out.   Is there anything a concerned boss might do that might help?"
"I don't know how to deal with this. I have clinical depression, and have been unemployed for some time. (Im 21 and still live with my parents). They want me to pay rent. So I *had* to get a job. I got one, full time. The problem is, they're really busy all the time, and I just can't fucking deal with it. I hate work so much, when I got the job, I cried in my car on the way home. I want to get a doctors note from my psychiatrist telling them that I can't work a full 8 hours because I can't. I have cried in the bathroom stalls of previous jobs because I just can't function on that high of a level for more than a few hours. I can't ""pretend"" to be happy all the time, and put lots of effort into my work. But I'm scared they'll just laugh me out of the building, or fire me, or refuse to meet my demands. I'm such a fucking failure, what can I do."
"Does it end? I’m a relatively young lad, a year and a half away from leaving my teens.  That being said, the last time I ever felt warm in someone else’s arms, went outside to just hang out with people because I enjoyed them, and had enough drive to even leave the house was so long ago that I can’t put a date on it.  I have people that I get on with sure.   The last time that we texted each other purely because we wanted to talk was pretty much never.  This may belong on the depression sub, I’m not sure, but I just wanted to ask the internet, a much wiser place than my mind, if it ever ends?   Is there ever a way out of this damn pit?  I can’t find a reason to keep looking for one anymore."
Does anyone get severe inner head tension? I feel like I'm going crazy. On top of it I feel like I'm starving when I already ate
"I get anxiety whenever doing something slightly bad So I have really bad anxiety, or so my mom has told me because she also has pretty bad anxiety.  I can’t do anything that is “bad”. I’m a teen, I should be able to live my life. Here is a few examples  I’m terrified of being late, I can’t be late, our school just introduced late slips and that makes it even worse. Nobody understands, I just can’t be late, loosen up they say but I can’t.   Leaving class without consulting a teacher, now i know what you’re thinking “you shouldn’t be doing that anyways!” I mean when the teacher is out of the room, all kids in my class just go to the bathroom and come back. And the teacher isn’t gone for like 45 seconds they’re gone for maybe 10-15 minutes while we do work. I really need to go to the bathroom but let’s just wait while everyone else is doing it (I don’t succumb to peer pressure easily)  Here’s another, leaving class a minute earlier. I literally mean a minute, everyone is standing up and waiting by the door, bell is gonna ring in 45 seconds and my friends are just like “cmon, let’s go to our lockers” but i c a n t it may just be a minute or two but I can’t I really can’t.  I once broke into an abandoned house with my friends, we got caught and said if we went back they’d call the police. That’s the worst thing i’ve done, it was very cool inside but every time I think back to that day I get immediate feelings of dread and anxiety and the need to cry. I hate passing by the house. I had a video and I went so far as to delete because I could go into my camera roll without seeing it. I had a sleepover that night with my friends and when I think back to that night I don’t remember the house.  My last example, sorry this is long. So where I live it’s a fairly small school and about 10-20 minutes away there’s another small school. The two schools joined together to have more optional courses. So I went there for art and drama. For kids who don’t drive (aka me) take an intercampus bus at lunch and go there for the afternoon. Some friends offered to drive us there and I outright refused, I read in the handbook that students may not go with another student instead of the intercampus bus (they take attendance on the bus). I was told to suck it up, stop being a pussy, live a little. I was pissed off and hurt. Why can’t they understand that the office may call home and I could get in trouble for some stupid thing.   Sorry I felt like I needed to rant, I don’t know where else to put this or who else to tell. I hope this doesn’t break any subreddit rules"
"Kindly asking for advice 44M w/2 children who has been divorced for several years. My ex and I have an up-and-down relationship in that sometimes we can communicate wonderfully and agree on things without issue and other times she is very unreasonable and demanding. Regardless of what stage we're in, I always give in and let her get the upper hand when it comes to negotiations.  She has primary physical custody and I moved out of the house. I wanted them all to be able to stay in the family home so I pledge to pay more money in child support than required by law. I voluntarily upped my commitment against the advice of numerous people to make sure she could afford the mortgage. Well now she had remarried and her new husband has a very high income. They just sold our family house and upgraded to a much larger home with all the bells and whistles.  Not only is money not a problem for her, but I have been laid off for six months and when I eventually get a new job there is no question it will be at a lower salary than I had previously. I am in NO WAY looking to shirk any responsibilities as the father of my kids, but I am preparing, with my lawyer, to petition the court to lower my child support. The kids are very well taken care of while my finances are being strained to the limit. Remember, I am paying well over what is required by law and am simply looking to decrease my current amount to something more reasonable.  Furthermore, please keep in mind that separate from the child support I also pay $320/month for the kids' medical insurance and my lawyer believes that amount is, by definition, ""unreasonable"" as a percentage of our income.  I am going to sit down with my ex this Friday to tell her my intentions and even though she does NOT need this ""extra"" money I am 100% positive she will become angry and tell me I am harming the children. Can you suggest any tips or strategies I can use to help the conversation go smoothly? I'll simply add I'm a very ""nice"" guy who speaks very calmly and sensibly whenever I deal with her.  Thank you!"
"My SO needs help but I feel unable to provide it Short story, my SO has had a tough time of it, rough family life, father abused their mother, seen some horrible things and been treated poorly by people they trusted.   Fast forward to now. They are stuck at their parents home which has no space for them, dealing with all the historic emotional weight that place brings, instead of in their Uni dorm. upset because they burnt a ton of money on a crazy drunk bender Saturday night and totally unwilling to accept anything I say to them to help them through.   Every time I suggesta solution or offer to help they knock it back saying they don't deserve the help, no-one really cares about them or stressing about me throwing the help I'm offering back in their face in future. I'm totally untethered and being unable to help them is tearing me up inside.  What are my next steps? What can I possibly do to help them if they won't accept the help?"
"Absolute beginner looking for comprehensive and beginner friendly guide To preface, I am a 17 year old male. I am 6'1 and 140 pounds. I have no idea about what exercises I should be doing in the gym as well as what I should be eating. I hope to bulk up over this year as I've always a bit self conscious about my skinniness. I am looking for any books or video guides that would help me get a foot in the door of exercising. Thank you!"
"Everything is hard I’m a 23 year old girl having constant suicidal thoughts. Sometimes it’s all consuming and everything burns to the point I can only think of that one thing. Sometimes there’s no emotion, no thought, and your mind just wanders to an image of getting run over or jumping off a cliff. And it doesn’t feel terrifying, it’s calming.   I’ve been having thoughts like what if life is like a game? You die and then reset again so you have another chance at redoing everything. But other times there’s a feeling there might be nothing, but that prospect still seems better than what I have now."
"Advice about CDs This week is an annual event that I will receive a windfall from.   Last year, I put the proceeds into a 1 year CD that matures on 2/1.  This year, I plan on doing the same, but as a separate CD with a different maturity date (I may wait until April to stagger things).   Last year's is in Capital One 360 and for simplicity's sake, I would like to keep everything in the same bank (nowhere near FDIC limits).    I won't need the money for at least 2 years (I want to keep it out of sight, out of mind)  1) Should I keep last year's at a year or would I get better interest rates if I make it longer term?  2) What is going on with interest rates?  3) For this year's (no idea how much it will be), should I lock it up right away or just let it sit in a savings account until the spring.    &amp;#x200B;"
"Rasagiline for depression , any experience? It's used for Parkinson , it's a MAO-B and was developed in order to avoid the amphetamines metabolites of selegiline. I was wondering if someone tried for depression . any experience?  Side effects?"
Converting from 9mm to .40 So I have a XD I'm trying to get rid of and a guy wanted to know how to switch it from 9mm to .40  I'm assuming it needs a whole new slide and barrel? Or can it not be done (different frame size)?
"Transitioning from 1 child to 2 I’m currently pregnant with my second and my daughter is 15 months old. By the time this baby is born, my daughter will be 22 months old. I was wondering, how did you prepare your first for the arrival of your second? At 22 months old, do they understand what a baby sibling means? Should I expect a little bit of jealousy from her? I practice attachment parenting, we are very close and she is still nursing. We also bedshare. So I’m definitely worried a new baby will be a bit tough for her to understand at first, but she is so loving with other kids, she loves kissing and hugging them. We also have dogs and she practices being gentle with them.   Any and all advice is welcome!!"
"Why do people want me to carry on this torture? Every day is pain, pain in my legs, my arms, my wrists, my chest, my stomach and my head. My body is deforming slowly, my mind is already fragmented. I spend my time just trying to distract myself from life, living just to forget I am.  I'm not proud of my country, hell I'm not even proud of bring human, we're vile deceitful disgusting shallow things who wilfully ignore anything that doesn't sit right with them. Being a good person is the anomaly, why the fuck do I want to live in this society. Hell, you can get allot further in work if you leave your morals at the door. There's so much wrong, and I just can't, we're too fucking stupid, so just let me go. I want this, it's what I've wanted for most my life, and it's just getting worse. Stop forcing me to live another day."
"Psychosomatic car sickness prevents me from going anywhere I've had this problem for about 2 years now. I've always had several phobias, but this one emerged after I had some kind of inner ear infection 2 years ago, where I would get dizzy and nauseous all the time, and particularly in cars/buses. Ever since that problem went away I still feel ""carsick"" when I'm driving, and if I drive too long on a freeway or somewhere I feel trapped, it builds into full panic attack mode. I know that I'm not getting *real* motion sickness, because if I can avoid thinking about it at all, it doesn't happen. But 99% of the time I can't achieve that.   Just wondering if there are any recommended treatments for this kind of thing. I'm already effectively doing ""exposure therapy"" since I drive every day whether I want to or not, and every day this happens, particularly as I'm near the end of my commute. It's so infuriating. I know that I couldn't handle driving longer distances, but I would really like to for social events, etc."
"Hopeless It's 4:25 AM and I haven't slept for more than 7 hours in the last 3 days. But I still can't sleep. My mind keeps racing and I keep having these mini-panic attacks, I am so tired. I have an exam in 4 hours and I have to be up in 2. My anxiety has been ruining all my relationships, my body, my life. I feel sick to my stomach. If would be dead now if I had the courage to go through with suicide."
"Introvert Problems. Been an introvert, and socially anxious for all of my life. Because I am introverted and quiet, I am a bit socially awkward, and feel like people don't think I am interesting enough to get to know. All my life, people would say that I am too quiet. Why don't I talk? I was ignored in many groups I tried being in in middle school, and high school, until I socially isolated myself. I believe that as a result I am socially awkward. This combined with my introversion and social anxiety doesn't do any good for me when giving a first impression with new people I've met. In all the jobs I had people were chill and cool with me at first, until they noticed my introversion, and I guess I become the weird, awkward one that people dread talking too. It doesn't matter if it is anywhere else, because I can get away, but at work it is hard, because there is no escape. I have to be with the same people for certain hours. All of this makes me insecure. At times I feel I loose my self-worth. I think it would be nice to have friends who stick by my side, but I don't have that."
"My partner's divorce was very recently settled, and he's acting...weird Hello all,  I [33F] have been with my boyfriend [40] for 4.5 years. He was separated from his ex for 1.5 years when we'd met, and the divorce was finally signed off last week. It was horribly ugly, and he (and I, and even our families) were terrorized by that woman. I'm not sure if ""trauma"" is too strong of a word to describe the experience, but she is a very troubled woman. She tried to throw out false abuse accusations, threats, tried to turn their kid against him too many times to count, wouldn't provide required information, and wouldn't agree to settle on *anything* despite not presenting any settlement offers herself. That is just a very simplified way to describe several years of abuse she was able to inflict on him from a distance. Every time either of our phones would buzz, we'd have a physical reaction stemming from fear of another one of her hours-long crazy-mail rants. I'm sure many of you can relate.  The courts and lawyers proved to be zero help until a new person stepped in last week and got everything sorted out in just half a day. I don't know how this person did it, but she deserves a statue. My boyfriend gave up a lot that he could have gained by fighting in court, but he felt he couldn't bear it any longer and bought his freedom, essentially. The final orders are arriving by mail this week, and it was all pretty unexpected. His ex is walking away with six figures worth of cash and no responsibility for any of their joint debt.  My boyfriend is an ""ideas"" guy...very good with numbers, meticulous with his finances, and loves to think about ways to increase his wealth (via legal means, of course). Of course, while he was still legally tied to his ex, he was unable to pursue any of his money-making ideas. It caused him a lot of frustration.   He didn't react the way I expected to the divorce. He was relieved it was over, but sad about the sizeable payout and the wasted years. Now he's got a ... strange energy, for lack of a better term. He's so excited to get out and start living his life that he's considering a fairly risky and expensive real estate investment that he swears up and down is a *great* idea (it would be, if all went exactly 100% to expectations, which neverrr happens). He's got people looking into it already, and is prepared to go all-in.  I've seen him put more consideration into buying a pair of pants!  His head is a whirlwind. He can't decide what he wants to do with his house (which he kept). He's kind of aggressive in how he's expressing himself (not at all violent, just negative, and with a ""fuck the world"" attitude).   I would imagine this is normal after years of low-key trauma and a sudden, life-altering event...but I'm worried about him, and especially about this real estate idea. I don't feel like he should make any big decisions until the dust settles. He feels like he's finally free and doesn't want to waste any more time.  How can I support him through this? He's obviously adjusting, and will be for some time.   TIA for any insights."
"Sharp pain on the left side of my right leg When doing abs I hold myself up with my arms while my legs float and I bring my knees to my chest, while doing this I feel like my hip is grinding against itself and my right leg gets a sharp tearing pain on the left side. What could be causing this pain and how can I correct it"
Does anybody else flinch in relationship? I should preface this by saying that my boyfriend is hella loving and has never physically hurt me But for some reason every time he brings his hand up to cup my face or something I always flinch  Idk if it’s my anxiety thinking that he’ll hurt me (which idk why) or what. How have you guys dealt with this? And what’s something to help prevent this?
"Suffering from relationship anxiety Every time I say something I’m worried she’ll misconstrue it . I overthink her every action, and I’m constantly worried she’ll leave me for someone better. When we actually spend time together it’s great, but when we’re apart I’m a ball of worries , I’m genuinely losing sleep over it. Every time I bring it up with her she says that I’m doing nothing wrong and that I don’t need to worry about anything and that she loves me and wouldn’t leave me... still I can’t help but worry and I don’t want to keep burdening her with asking her about it , but at the same time it’s difficult not to ask her... what do I do r/relationships? Please help, and thanks in advance"
"I don’t know why I’m so lonely. I always like when the weather cools off like this.  I’ll never get why my German and Scottish ancestors settled in Texas, but I keep meaning to get out of here.  I think it’s the idea of knowing no one there that keeps me here though.  I’m pretty down today and just wanted to get some stuff out.  I filed in the middle of last month, and my wife of five years took it a little harder than I expected.  I used to describe her anger as that she just felt things louder than everyone else, and other people nodded, but I don’t know if they got it.  I only sometimes got it.  After the second time I had to call the cops I knew that things weren’t getting any safer, and so I needed to get out.  I talked to friends and family.  I prayed, strangely.  I did what anyone reading my life story would have considered inevitable, but felt like uncharted territory for me.  To this day she still hasn’t agreed to sign the waiver that Texas presents as an option, so my attorney is having her served.  We’ve already agreed on how to split things up.  We actually did it last week.  It used to be that one of us(usually her) would get up and leave to stop the discussions.  Well, last Tuesday she lost control of her emotions and totaled her car.  She is okay.  The airbag deployed and the seatbelt gave her a bruise just like one I saw on a bull rider once when I was a little boy, but she is okay.  I was the only one she called to help and I was there just few minutes after the wreck.  I talked to the EMTs, cops, wrecker and whoever else came by that I may have forgotten.  I cut my hands a little getting some of  her stuff out of her car and into mine.  Then I drove her to the hospital.  I didn’t want to have a fight, like we often do, so I stayed quiet and played John Denver songs while I drove.  I waited in the room with her, and then outside, alternating as my emotions would allow.  She had been texting me, angrily, while I was at work when it happened.  I didn’t want a fight.  I filed for divorce because I’m tired of fighting all the time.  The last thing I sent before her wreck was “I really don’t ever want you to hurt.  You’re a good person and I admire a lot about you.  I know that you’ll come through the other side of this with less uncertainty and pain in your life.”  When we were at the hospital she tried to blame me for the wreck and I was so tired that I pretty much just refused to engage in the issue.  Then we discussed how to divide things up and how to move forward.  I dropped her off at home and then crashed at a friend’s place for most of the following week.  That brings us to today.  This morning was the first time I woke up at our place.  I crashed on the couch last night.  I got a good night’s sleep and this morning we had breakfast together.  I made us coffee and oatmeal like nothing was wrong and we discussed our plans for the day.  I don’t know why I feel so brutally lonely at work now.  I think some of it is just missing the girl that I married five years ago.  Not feeling ready to discuss my past with someone new, but wanting to share my life(weird expression) with someone else.  I don’t really know what I want down the line, but I know that I have it a lot better than most other people out there.  I just want comfortable downtime.  I want that girl who will watch tv in the evening with me and wake me up to go to bed when she see that I feel asleep because I’ve been pushing myself too hard.  I want to remember what snacks some girl likes for road trips or spot when someone tells a joke she knows will hit the perfect mark.  I want all of those things with someone who doesn’t feel anger loudly.  Some girl who has never grabbed a gun because she was mad or screamed at me because she was angry at someone else.  I don’t want to unload all of this on some girl who doesn’t deserve it.  I know that I’m basically a “fixer upper” of a man, rough around the edges, but easily improved.  I’m just not sure where to go from here.  But these are decisions I’ll make on my own.  I want to go out and enjoy this gorgeous weather, but I think I’ll have to do that in my own."
My daughters boyfriend still doesn't know how to tie his shoes... Every time I walk in her room that's all she's doing.
"Thoughts on Steyr M9-A1? A friend brought this pistol to my attention and I found myself intrigued by it although I’ve never come across it before. I enjoy polymer striker fired pistols like my G19 and PPQ, wondered if this would make a good addition for a striker fired trifecta. Anyone have experience with one? There’s none near me to try out. How’s the trigger/ergonomics/reliability? Any experience is appreciated."
"I want to kill myself I'm sorry this is my first time using reddit and I'm not sure if this is the community to post this on.   But I'm so tired , my family treats my like shit and I have nothing to live for  My sister fights with me over the dumbest things and gets my parents to yell at me for no reason.   I tried to hang on for my  younger brother but I can't take it anymore , Every day it's worse and worse   I just end up hurting my self and crying in my bathroom   I just want to die, I'm so scared but I want to die I just don't want to be alive anymore , I just don't want to be in pain"
"Can you outgrow shyness/social anxiety? Not sure if I even had it in the first place, but I used to be painfully (an understatement) shy, even I get embarrassed at how shy I was then. Even my parents have called me such since forever.  So I don’t know if I outgrew it, or I just stopped caring about what people think. I am now the complete opposite of what I was when I was younger, loud and everything associated with an extrovert. In fact, I am labeled as an extrovert by everyone. Am I maybe masking my shyness with  my supposed “extrovertness”?  I am also an actor and a comedian. And no, I do love the craft, spotlight, audience, crew, and everything... No signs of shyness in that world."
Misperception about anxiety Anxiety isn’t always a desperate and immediate Sometimes it’s the polite end to a conversation followed by laying your cheek on the cool marble of the bathroom floor
"Muted for asking I noticed the Trump thread on the front page was put into contest mode so I messaged the mods to ask why and if they could change it back to normal because it makes discussion difficult.  https://imgur.com/dNs6Zkg.png  The mods didn't reply they just muted me, not even a courtesy reply. Basically telling me to shut up and fuck off I guess?  Please note this isn't intended as an attack on the mods I just don't know where to turn for information."
"It just doesn’t make sense I don’t understand why I feel this way. I don’t have anything horrible going on in my life. College is a little stressful but it’s nothing unbearable. But I am having frequent panic attacks, I’m sad all day, I can’t eat, and I didn’t sleep at all last night.   My emotions and feelings don’t reflect reality, and that pisses me off. I’ve become reliant on other people that I’m overburdening them and they are leaving me. I am jealous when I don’t have a friend’s full attention. My thoughts aren’t logical and I always assume the worst.   I’ve never felt like this before, and I don’t see how this can go on. I am going to have a full on breakdown if things don’t get better soon."
"Why does it feel so horrible? How does loneliness just consume you? It makes me feel like I can’t breathe, my chest heavy, and guilty for sitting here feeling sorry for myself because so many people have it worse than I.  I’m really bad at connecting with people so I have zero friends at this point, the people I did have were either really bad for me or have moved away. I have a boyfriend but I don’t understand why he’s dating me really, we live together but we don’t really spend much time together. If that makes sense? We’re just two people sitting in a room doing different things. I spend most of my time just silently crying now. I’m at a loss of what to do  I’m so lonely  I’m just really lucky I have my dog I guess"
"My life feels like nothing. Lately, everything feels like shit and im miserable. i go to school for 8 hours and then work a 6 hour shift and by the time i get home its almost 12 in the morning and i have to get up at 7 the next day. I feel very overwhelmed and im not getting any support from my loved ones. Even today a person i really looked up to and respected told me i am the most negative person he knew and that he doesnt understand how i can be in a relationship when i treating my boyfriend like shit. That broke me down. I already hated who i am as a person but hearing that come from someone i really looked up to killed me inside. I feel miserable about it. I want to change and be a happier person but I dont know how. I just genuinely hate life right now."
"i (f/18) wish i was shorter for my boyfriend  i feel pathetic typing this but i honestly need to get this off my chest and hopefully get some advice, insight, or prospective from others, i'm feeling really overwhelmed. i'm in a loving relationship with my boyfriend (almost 6 months) and everything is going really well!(: he compliments me tons, reassures me, always tells me to tell him if im not feeling good about myself in any way, and he finds me attractive. the problem is that he prefers really short girls. im 5'2 more leaning towards 5'3 (i'm shorter than him), but he prefers girls 5' or under. he didn't say that directly or with and intentions to make me feel bad, it just came up when talking, and ever since then i've been becoming pretty obsessive about it. im aware being obsessive isn't something that should be taken lightly and im seeking professional help to cope. but since then ive done some weird ass shit (ex. i labelled all the heights from 4'11-5'5 on my wall and keep checking my height, and even though i know i land somewhere justttt under 5'3, i literally think i deny and just hope i could at least be 5'2, but i know if i could change my height to 5' i would. also everytime i see a pretty girl shorter than me, a huge hit of envy hits me and i just assume my boyfriend would find her more attractive, cute, hot, as well as more protective of her if he was dating her (because guys usually feel protective of shorter girls they're dating) ( i never say bash the girls in my head or attack them in any way, i just get jealous. and finally i have this terrible feeling that he would never be as protective, appreciative, sexy, and attracted to me as much as if i was shorter, and that makes me feel terrible and super insecure..) i asked for reassurance before but he said im short and im fine the way i am, but still i know if i was shorter, i would be more admirable, and that kills me. i refuse to tell him anymore because i know this is unhealthy on my behalf and i dont want him to regret or feeling bad for saying something to me before that he didnt meant to hurt me with, as well as become overwhelmed and frustrated. thank you for your time everyone. (i'm aware 5'3 and 4'11-5'00 isnt a hugeeee different but it still makes me fucking terrible).      tl;dr my boyfriend prefers girls shorter than me and im being super envious, insecure, and obsessive"
"Star BM ejection issues - How do I get this extractor off? Title, having ejection issues on my Star BM, trying to get the ejector off to clean/further inspect it. Not sure how this comes off, any tips?"
"Has anyone else had their long term FP slowly cut them off? Long Content Warning: Emotional and verbal abuse. Suicide/suicidal ideation mention. Brief eating disorder mention. Brief substance use (marijuana) mention. Chronic illness.  I've never posted here before. Please tell me if I did this correctly, and/or if there's anything I should add to the CW.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  I met this person a very long time ago. We met online in middle school and became roleplay buddies. That was around eight years ago. I'm now 22, he's 21. Growing up there were several times where he was the only reason I went on living. He was my rock. Even though he was a year younger he had always been more emotionally mature than me. And even from the very beginning, he was very closed off about his personal life. It was a battle trying to find out why he was upset about something, or just how it had been going with him in general. I felt weird about the fact he never spoke about his real-world life. And before anyone asks: Yes, I am positive that the person I met was a teenager and not a creeper old man. We skyped and called several times over the years.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  We had been through hell and back together. I received a laundry list of mental illness and physical diagnoses. Through my adolescence and into young adulthood I was slapped with BPD, PTSD, ADD, bulimia, depression, anxiety, and autism. Physically, I was diagnosed with PCOS which wreaked havoc on my body and essential tremors that destroyed my sophomore year of high school. He was there to comfort me when I had to be pulled out and homeschooled because my tremors combine with my anxiety made it impossible to go to public school. He would talk to me while I nervously waited in the waiting room for countless doctors appointments. I dealt with vicious emotional and verbal abuse from my father (our relationship is much better now) and he was there to listen to me and gave me the validation I deserved but wasn't given. He was waiting for me when I went to residential twice and inpatient once. He dealt with so much of my bullshit and helped me grow as a person.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  He struggled with depression and came out as a trans man. One of the few things he'd disclose to me was his dysphoria.  I supported him through the beginning of his transition and helped him prepare to come out to his parents. I comforted him when they initially weren't accepting and continued to misgender him. I was there when he battled that time of the month. I celebrated with him when he got his first binder. I called him to talk him down after he was diagnosed with bipolar. I was thrilled when he was approved to start T. He became very suicidal about not being able to afford T and I scraped together $100 for him and knit a scarf. There's a lot of other things I could have spent that money on, especially seeing as I didn't have a job and lived at home in the time. I love him though, and I felt that possibly saving his life was more important than getting some new makeup. A few weeks later he coincidentally got a $100 tattoo of the dark mark from Harry Potter. That was around the beginning of the end.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;     I've been denying it for a very long time. When I look back, I really should have seen it coming sooner. I think it was about two years ago when the very first signs of him starting to distance himself showed up. And I remember having to muster a lot of courage to talk to him about it a few times. Every time he would reassure me that everything was fine. He was just busy with work, things get busy after high school. It's just a part of life, he'd say. I accepted this, but requested he check in with me every so often (at this point we'd go days at a time without speaking) and reminded him of how I tend to overthink things. He agreed. And again, we'd go days without speaking.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  He started leaving me on read (which sent me into spirals every time) for days at a time before replying, and conversations wouldn't last long. But when we DID have conversations, it was as if nothing was amiss and our relationship was normal. I'd feel reassured for a few days before realizing he was ignoring me again. I honest to god did so well not nagging him or pestering him for attention. After a few days of no reply, I'd try to initiate a different conversation. Occasionally we'd make plans to play Overwatch together, but he'd either usually cancel or came on so much later than we planned that we'd hardly get to play. We stopped roleplaying years ago. Whenever I'd try to ask him what he was into these days I'd never get a good answer. One time we skyped and I noticed he'd gotten his lip pierced I was surprised and asked when he'd gone it done.   &amp;#x200B;  ""Oh, ages ago."" I hadn't seen his face in that long. We didn't call for so long at one point that when we finally did, I had no idea who was on the other end and had him call me back with face time. His voice had changed completely from what I had once known. Not that it was a problem at all, but... That's something that takes a very long time to happen. It put time into perspective for me.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  Over time I learned to try to play ""hard to get"" and after sending him one message wouldn't reply at all until he eventually replied. With the new year, I decided that I wanted to test our friendship and how much he cared. I didn't do anything dramatic or plot against him. I didn't have a tantrum or threaten suicide. I didn't fake/have a real crisis. I wished him a happy new year. He replied back a day or two later. And for once in my life, I didn't reply back. I've been waiting and waiting for him to send me a message first about something. Anything. As more time goes on I realize I don't even know how to initiate a conversation with him anymore. I had a meltdown and did some internet stalking and found out that on his Tumblr he has on his profile that his best friend is this girl that used to be a mutual friend of ours and was a stuck up bitch that acted better than me constantly because she was a gifted student with superior values and didn't smoke weed. I'd never asked him to stop being friends with her or anything after she and I split, but one time a few years ago I asked him if he ever talked to her anymore and he said sometimes but not really, so I asked how she was and left it at that. I think that's why seeing it made me so angry, I don't know. I feel like it would have stung less if I knew they were still friends to begin with.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  I feel so empty. I keep wanting to message him and confront him, to put the nail in the coffin as to if our relationship is over. But I know that if I do that, I'll more than likely have a full-blown breakdown. I just moved out of my parent's house and to a new city to go to university a month ago and I'm already drinking more than I used to. I can't afford to have a breakdown. That, and if he really doesn't want to be my friend he doesn't owe me friendship. I can't demand someone stay my friend. He owes me nothing. And to be honest I don't blame him for wanting to cut me and the work that comes with me out of his life. Since I finally accepted a few weeks ago that he doesn't love me anymore I have felt incredibly numb. I have telogen effluvium and I'm losing more and more hair because of the stress. It makes me feel so depressed. I don't have any real life friends because I just moved to a new city and don't know how to make them. I don't even have a job to socialize as my therapy team doesn't think it's a good idea for me to get a job this first semester. Lately, I don't get any joy out of my online friendships, even though I love those friends dearly.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  I want to message him so badly. I don't even know what I'd do, though. I want to chit chat with him like old times. I keep telling myself that it's over and I need to move on but a little voice in the back of my mind pipes up ""but if he came back I'd let him back in"". I think that's holding me back. I think like I'm legitimately grieving over the loss of this friendship and it makes me feel ridiculous. I have other online friends that love and care for me dearly. For some reason, I don't want to talk to them though and isolate. I can't even focus on my studies. All I want to do is sleep.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  I feel so alone. I need to make real-life friends but don't even know where to begin. I feel pathetic looking back on what a desperate little worm I've been fighting for his attention for so long when he clearly didn't want to give it to me. I don't even know what to ask, but I need help, and no one that I can talk to would understand this.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  I'm open to advice and support.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  If you made it to the end to this messy shit, congratulations! And thank you for your time."
"I want to kill myself and make my parents feel guilty I hate my life so much. I will never be happy in my life.   I'm 19 years old and live with my parents, but my parents hate me. Ever since I was a kid, my dad always said I'm the most evil person in the world and that everyone hates me. He says I have no friends because everyone hates me. He calls me a POS regularly and says I'm the reason our extended family never talks to him. My mom told me it's my fault she's still with him and it's my fault that he treats me badly.   I hate our house. It only has 1 bedroom. There is rats in the ceiling that I hear almost every night. My mattress is so broken that I have bed sores all over my body. I have to beg my parents to take me to a doctor because they believe all of the pain I have is made up. Everyone tells me to move out when I tell them, but I can't. I don't make enough money. The city I live in is very expensive. I am going to college for free, but I'm really stupid.  I have no friends because I cut off my best friend. She told me that I need to be thankful for what I have because so many people would kill to have my life. She told me to stop thinking about or having dreams and just focus on being happy with what I have. But I don't have anything. How can I be happy when I don't have anything?  I'm very ugly. I have tried to improve my appearance and it has worked a little bit, but I have never had a boyfriend. I think I'm going to die alone because I have a medical problem that might be affecting my appearance. I don't think anything will make me look or feel pretty.   I wanted to leave America and go live with my grandma in Europe, but I think my European family hates me. I wanted to have kids, but I think I'm infertile. I want to have a good job, but I'm too stupid to do anything good. I want to at least be able to do basic things, but everything feels too hard. I don't feel like I'm allowed to have dreams. I feel like the world is against me.  One day I'm going to take my dad's handgun and kill myself. I'm going to write a suicide note and blame it all on them. I hope they feel guilt for the rest of their lives. I wanted to outlive my dad so I could dance on his grave, but he won't die because the world is against me."
"I feel like I have tried everything.I am 22, I have a wonderful 8 month old daughter, I completed my Bachelors degree in 2 years, I work at my dream job in a level one trauma center as a Trauma RN, I own my own home and paid off vehicle. I am fairly healthy, I gained some weight during my pregnancy but before and even the past 2 months I eat pretty well, count macros, workout 4-6 days a week. I have tried so many medications, therapies, psychiatrists, psychologists. They all say I am improving but in reality I just shut down every time I go. I am tired of feeling the same way day in and day out and hearing the same crap. I feel like I do not get anything helpful that actually changes my life. I do not have many close friends or people that I enjoy being around, I feel exhausted after my days of working or having lunch with a friend that may only even last an hour. I have tried the ""fake it 'till you make it"" bull crap, positive mindset, yoga, everything. I feel like my mind is a black cloud that chokes out every happy moment or thought.I kept telling myself when I was in middle and high school that this would be it, when I finally achieved what I wanted to and had my dream life maybe I could get stable ground and not feel like I am running away from my own thoughts 24/7. I am sick of being depressed. It is robbing me of my life. My daughter is 8 months and I cannot help but cry every time I think too much about it, I feel bad because half of the time all I can do it put on a show for her and scroll through my phone or sleep. She is everything to me and I feel like a terrible parent. I cannot take it anymore I do not know what to do. Am I ever going to be happy?"
"Phone numbers and addresses... I’m probably late to the game on this, but my boyfriend’s daughter is turning 5 in May and we have no idea how to teach her her phone number and address.  She stays 3 weekends a month at her mother’s in a different city, and the rest of the time she is at ours. Neither family has a landline telephone, only smart phones (more complicated than they need to be when trying to teach a kid how to call 911 or home). She’s a very smart little girl and has even kept up with understanding the process of having her last name changed to match her father’s. We’re just at a loss on how to begin teaching not only one set of phone numbers and addresses, but two. She recognizes neighborhoods in the car and is pretty good at navigation, so I know she is aware of general neighborhoods and that it takes a long time to drive to mommy’s. I know this is late to have not really worked on it with her. Obviously kids need to know at least one set, so do you think it makes sense to teach her our address and her dad’s number first and once she has that down, introduce her mom’s, and then my phone number? I do quite a bit of the parenting and my job would allow for me to respond to daytime emergencies better than her dad’s. Anyway, I feel like tackling all of that info simultaneously would be overwhelming. What do other parents do without a landline?"
"Pregnant on expired Nexplanon? My implant expired in May of 2019. When I called Planned Parenthood to schedule for a new one to get put in they told me it last 5 years now, instead of 3. They told me to keep the same one on for two more years. What do you guys think? Should I trust it? Anyone gotten pregnant on expired implant?"
"Came home from school to find out parents getting divorced I don't usually like to post about my problems anywhere, but this is too serious to me. I've been away at college, and somehow while I've been away my parents' marriage has dissolved. I'm in shock. Never in a million years did I think, with my brother moved out and with his own career, and me beginning my next chapter of life, that all of a sudden, now, everything would collapse.  My father works his tail off. He works more than 100/week running his own business, and my mom does part time gigs as a consultant, despite him asking for her to work more. Somehow, now, he's been blaming all of these things from up to 20 years ago in their marriage, and that he has no hope left. My poor mother is devastated, and this is just not like my father. He's given up on the marriage.  This morning was my first morning home. I haven't been home since January, and I had to listen to them fight about it all morning. I would do anything to help get my father's mind out of the gutter, but this is all just so unknown to me. My family is in need of a miracle. Any help or advice would be so greatly appreciated."
"Men’s rights when to have children I have always thought how a man and a woman should have to come to an agreement to have a child.  Sometimes woman have baby’s with guys to try to “trap” them in their life’s.  I’m a girl, but I don’t understand why woman just get the right. Ha"
"I probably won’t but everything just sucks I’m a sophmore in a private highschool. I would say that I’m pretty well liked and that I have a bunch of friends. But, according to my mom, my grades are sh*t (Bs and Cs). And while I semi-agree, she has reason because I could lose my small scholarship. But, I can’t bring myself to study or just work. Hell, I’m avoiding doing work right now. I’ve always been a good student throughout elementary up until 7th grade. Then, I started to struggle because I actually had to study and work hard. But no matter how hard I’ve tried recently I can’t get the grades I need to keep my scholarship. My mom has been fighting with me for so long that recently she just gave up. She decided that she doesn’t care what I do anymore. She keeps reinforcing the fact that I had gotten some bad grades recently by bringing them up in casual conversation. I’ve put up so many walls of lies and complete bullcrap to hide what I’ve been dealing with outside of my house. Everything just sucks and I feel like I’m garbage. Doubly so because of my mom’s asian expectations. I’m going to keep trying but I just feel like nothing I do is going to affect what has happened. I just keep justifying killing myself recently. My sister wouldn’t have to keep making sure I’m working and my mom would be less stressed out. I just don’t know, if that makes sense. I know I should keep studying and trying hard but I keep getting distracted and I just don’t know. Everything just sucks. Thanks for taking the time to read this far if you did."
"I’ve decided not to let this kill me. I’ve fought it tooth and nail, and I’m just finally done pretending I don’t have BPD. I’m ready to do what I have to do so I don’t let BPD and depression take my life.     I am ready to love and feel loved, and ready to be the good person I know I can be.   I think about killing myself way too much and it finally make me realize that if something doesn’t change, eventually I’ll do it.  I want to be the person I believe I can be.    Thanks for listening."
"i feel like i’m not supposed to be here i’ve always felt like i don’t belong anywhere. i can’t make connections with anyone, i don’t think i’m built for it. i’m not close to my family and i don’t have any friends or a boyfriend. when i was in elementary school i was extroverted, i talked to people and somehow i lost that spark after shit began to go wrong. people started treating me differently, like i was a fucking alien or something. throughout middle school and high school i always kept to myself. like my brain decided to just stop trying to talk to people. i was only ever myself alone in my room but in front of people i became lifeless. i became anxious and depressed and i knew people noticed something was wrong with me, so i guess that’s why they stayed away from me. i’m going to college in september now, and i’m pretty sure life will continue as shitty as it is. i just want everything to stop."
"Four years of really awful social anxiety. Tired of it dragging me down. But I don't know what to do. A few years ago, I was informed that I had run quite a few friends off and that I had hindered the social life of someone I really care about because of it. Things are far better now, but I just... never recovered from it.  Around the same time was when my dad starting having serious health issues, so I thought it was just because I knew that I'd talk about it if someone asked how I was doing, and then I'd just get upset.  I also recently complained that people always think I have ulterior motives or simply assume the worst of me. This is apparently because I'm too sincere? Most people don't really try to get to know me, so when people do ask me questions, I am really candid in my responses.  So now I'm constantly afraid of letting people down and running them off because I'm too weird. But this has really gone too far. I get anxious about replying to friends, family, and even my ever-important freelance clients. Sometimes I'll avoid people that I really like and enjoy talking to because it just makes me too anxious. I never know if I'm going to scare people off with my awkwardness and sincerity.  I'm tired of feeling like crap about this, even though I was recently reassured that I'm not actually that bad at talking to people.  It's just taken a toll. I've been like this since like 2016, and I want to be done with it. I'm not sure what I need to do to convince myself that talking to people isn't that bad."
"My experience with improved learning with mindfulness After incorporating mindfulness into my daily life I found that I am a much much better learner and retain much more information. I noticed that my mind was aversed to learning and it would be a huge mental chore. For example, when reading an article my mind would be subtly disinterested and thinking about the pace at which I read. Now that I am more present my mind focuses less on the means to the end but rather enjoying the learning process in some sense. When things are less painful, the mind also is more open to accepting the new information with a ""beginners mindset."" Did anyone else find anything similar? I'm a college student so I continually have to learn new things and in the past two weeks I have incorporated mindfulness and found great results in completing my school work more efficiently."
"I feel like I am a failure in every sense of the word. I am unable to make any friends, I am failing at my studies and I cannot find a job. I do not know what to do anymore; I tried so hard to make friends in high schools and university. Talked to as many people as I could, invited people to hang out and yet I am still unable to make any friends. I am never invited to any parties nor am I added in any group chats. I do not have a friend group. what is wrong with me, why am I such a failure? My parents invested so much money and time into my studies and yet I am failing at uni. I am unable to find a good internship and job unlike the people around me. I am an idiotic failure. I do not know what to do with my life at this point. I wished everything would just turn into nothingness. I am tired of trying and struggling. I want to end it. I am so tired of everything"
"My absolute favorite place to meditate Hi everyone, I would like to describe my favorite meditation spot to you all, and would love to hear what your meditation stations look like as well!  Attached to my house is a small screen porch where we keep fire wood during the colder months. This screen porch faces the woods and is hidden at the back of my house underneath a very tall, very old oak tree which I named Fern. Hanging just outside this screen porch is a small set of wind chimes. The only piece of furniture on this screen porch is an old white wicker couch with very deflated, flat cushions. Despite the way I described it, this couch is extremely comfortable for some reason. Everytime I sit down and hear the sound of the crunching wicker, I know it is time for a relaxing meditation session.  My favorite time of year to meditate is in the spring in the early afternoon. I find that in temperature this time of the year is the most pleasant. I like to begin my meditation session by sitting cross legged and drinking a glass of water. Eventually I close my eyes and begin to slow my breathing. This is my favorite part of meditating because I begin to notice the sounds around me. The first thing I notice is the cool breeze blowing the wind chimes a few feet away, allowing them to sing in all different patterns. Across the backyard, I become aware of the leaves on the trees rustling along to this breeze as well. Some of the older trees creak and sway along with this rhythmic life force moving around me. In the distance I can hear the sounds of children laughing and playing at the local park. The occasional car will pass by my house, but it is no worry, as the sounds of the engine slowly fade into the distance along with the rest. Before I realize it, 30 minutes have already passed, and I feel more prepared to continue with my day.  I hope you guys enjoyed reading about my favorite meditation spot. It was relaxing for me just to type about it!"
"I don't want my kids. I need a place to vent, I decided on reddit because, due to my anxiety and paranoia inre privacy there's no way in hell I am opening an account with facebook, instagram, et al, .  A while ago, I googled the term, ""I don't want my kids"", one of the results was an old reddit post from ""throwitawaydaddy"" that really resonated with me.  So, I don't know what else to say by way of an intro, I'm not a big talker.    I am a 55 year old disabled vet.  My anger, anxiety and depression issues seem to get worse by the day.  I literally hate every day of my life, but as of yet haven't worked up the guts to kill myself.  In addition, yay, I screwed up and impregnated a piece of crap b\*tch, and now, at my age, with my issues, am a father to 3 year old twin boys.  It has been hell.  For me, and, more sadly, for them.  I don't have a parenting bone in my body.  I hate kids, and people in general.  I have tried, because they didn't ask for this, but I am wrung out, mentally and physically.  Yeah, in addition to my psychiatric issues, I have severe pain, and I physically cannot keep up with them.  I don't hate them, but honestly I hate the fact of their existence.  Also, I hate their mother, deeply and passionately.  I have tried to feel love for them like all the shiny happy awesome parents I seem to see everywhere, but the closest I can come is pity - I feel sorry for them that they drew such a shitty hand for parents.  I would love to adopt them out so they at least have a chance at a happy life because I know it ain't gonna happen with the parents they have now.  I yell at them constantly, telling them  I hate them and wish they'd not been born, I have snatched them up and spanked them in anger.  I can already see the effects of their environment in their behavior and it makes me hate myself even more.  Welp, that's all I can do right now, I'm getting a bit verklempt.  Sorry if I harshed anyone's sunny day.  Hi reddit."
"Well, not sure what to say It's been 2 months. My girlfriend of the last 6 years or so left me on new years eve because she wanted to have fun. I've always had issues regarding depression but it's never been this bad before. I barely eat or sleep anymore. Nothing is appealing anymore. Nothing makes me feel good at all. I just try to sleep and go to work and that's been my life for 2 months. I've thought about hurting myself but I know it's only going to do more harm than good. I'm struggling to work up the courage to get help from a doctor, but I can't say I'd be getting help for myself. I just feel lost, hurt, and anxious. To be honest I'm not sure why I'm even posting this, I guess I just wanted someone to vent to."
"Train wrecked on purpose? Found this randomly posted.. anyone know if any of its true?  ""CONFIRMED: THE CONGRESSMEN ABOARD THE TRAIN WERE SUPPOSED TO BE IN SESSION. THEY WERE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HEADED TO A ""RESORT"" THAT DOUBLES AS A DOOMSDAY (COG) FACILITY. Adding to the credibility of the theory they were fleeing a threat is the fact that they had family members aboard the train, including children that should have been in school.  OVERWHELMINGLY PROBABLE: THEY RECEIVED DEATH THREATS OVER THE MEMO, AND WERE HEADING TO A SAFE PLACE WHEN THEY WERE STOPPED BY A STAGED ""ACCIDENT""  Here's the story, which is all now 100 percent confirmed.  A majority of Republican congressmen who voted to release the Fisa memo, which exposes an enormous amount of deep state corruption, were on an escorted train when they were supposed to be in session, with all roads closed ahead of the train (for security reasons) and the train receiving helicopter escort.  Despite all the roads being closed, the train hit a garbage truck while going 70 mph. The front wheels of the front engine derailed, but the rear wheels stayed on the tracks. With all the roads closed for security reasons, the only way the garbage truck could have gotten in the way of the train would be if it was done intentionally.  Even some Congressmen are now saying the accident had to have been staged, and that it was an attempt to kill a large number of congressmen who voted to release the memo. Large numbers of deaths would have occurred if the train did derail, (as planned) but with the will of God it mostly stayed on the tracks and none of the cars or engines tipped over. If that had happened at 70 MPH the results would have been devastating.  HEADS UP: Rogue factions in the United States government are attempting a violent coup with ""plausible deniability. Fortunately only minor injuries happened, but having this end up being minor defies all probability, it was supposed to be a disaster and it was definitely, without question, not an accident."""
"I always feel alone. Whenever I go to school I always feel this wave of judgment taking over my entire body. I feel like I don’t belong anywhere. Now I’m just housebound because I hate going in public. I have friends but they’re more school associates rather than friends. I've never been invited to anything nor have I ever hung out with them off-campus. I hate feeling this way. I don’t want to be lonely anymore, but no one, not even my family wants to help change that. Now I just feel forever alone. No one will love me. No one will care about me. No one will even remember my name. I'm just that one guy everyone knows but no one truly cares about. I guess my only option is to just stay being lonely. It's not like anything is going to change. I'll just have to get used to being known as that one ugly kid everyone knows, but no one truly cares about him."
Random stupid jealousy?! Eaughhhh... DAE get stupid random fleeting obsessional thoughts and stabbing gut wrenching jealousy’s when your partner mentions an ex? Like in ANY context? Not in any “ oh I still love them “ or “ they are the one who got away “ but the mention of a name in passing or a something they once did or shared!? I try to question my knee jerk reactions and be all DBT about them but it’s exhausting 😅
"What would you do if you had to move to a mag restricted state? I implore you, please skip the “don’t move” posts, I’m not going to pass up a yuuggee raise and major career progression.    Anyhow, big chance of moving up north to Mass. from the deep south   I don’t have a huge collection, a family heirloom double barrel Stevens , an AR that will definitely have to go, and a p320.  Would you just buy 10 round mags for the p320 or would you sell it for something with more punch that fits the round limits?  Thinking along the lines of selling the AR and the p320 and picking up a nice 357 revolver.   Any input?"
"Anxiety and Group Voice Calls Been a while since I posted in here.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm doing exposure therapy for Social Anxiety and my therapist suggested chatting to people through voice chat, with a view to eventually going on webcam. I'm part of the vaping community and regularly chat to people on forums and chatrooms on youtube live streams.   &amp;#x200B;  I joined discord group with some people I chat to on forums. Despite having a few drinks I tried to join  a group call with them tonight but felt really anxious about joining in and ended up just sitting in silence and listened to them chatting amongst themselves for over an hour.  &amp;#x200B;  I know my biggest hurdle is introducing myself to conversations in real life, I just didn't imagine attempting it online would be so difficult."
"Is it my Borderline or are the people I meet just terrible? I'm aware that I have an 'all or nothing' personality. In the rare times I am able to connect with another being and display interest in them, I somehow elevate them on a pedestal and I fully focus on them. To me, that is normal because it makes sense that if someone interests me, I want to know everything about them and I want the person to feel the same in return and they usually give that to me so it is not as if I force them. I noticed that in the past, my issue was that I was too overwhelming, so I attempted to change that.   Before,  I usually painted a 'perfect' picture of someone and then if the person did anything that didn't fit the idea I desperately created of them, I got angry at them, fought with them and eventually abandoned them. I recognised it as not being healthy and I really wanted a lasting friendship with someone so I changed.  I'd observe the patterns of my 'friends' and then copy them so we'd be on the same course. If they'd talk to me daily, I'd see that as understanding and then also talk to them daily in return. That worked for a while. But it always ends the same way: People enthusiastically talk to me, I return the favor. They compliment me (I don't  get why), talk about a future and all that jazz which implies to me that we feel the same way and since my attempted change, it always ends with them suddenly decreasing the contact. Before, I abandoned them before they could leave me, now where I am meant to have bettered myself, they leave me first... At first, I assumed I just perceived it the wrong way. I worked on that and recently, if they didn't call me, I'd call them but they wouldn't pick up or during our talks on Signal, they'd disappear mid conversation. It annoyed me initially but I thought it was my illness and over active mind and I recognised it was just silly to be annoyed by it.  Maybe they were busy, maybe they had to be somewhere, that's no issue at all, really. So I successfully quietened my mind and figured I'd just let them be and wait for them to be less busy.  And it worked and they eventually called me again and we talked and everything was as before and I was pretty happy with myself, that I was able to overcome my bad feelings. But then fast forward a few weeks and they did it again, I let it slide but by the end of the month, they told me that they don't really want to talk to me anymore and they were just entertaining me.  That has happened about 3 times now. The issue is that I tried really hard to overcome my negative thoughts and for the first time I felt as if I won and my illness lost but now I am questioning if the people I talked to were at fault and it wasn't me. I am wondering if any of you have similar stories or anything to add to make me reconsider this scenario? Thank you  TLDR: Before, I usually switched on people I liked and started disliking them over the smallest things and then abandoning them. I changed my behaviour and worked on it but now I am being abandoned. I can't win."
"Where did I go so wrong (M, halfway through sophomore year) Where did I go so wrong? Since I first started school (as a child, not college or hs) I've been continuing to get more and more lonely. Starting in middleschool, I had a handful of friends that didn't really care about me. I could have left the school and all except one of them wouldn't have even noticed I was gone. Now we get to HS, where things really went downhill. I only have friends in three of my 7 classes w/ aquaintances in a couple classes who don't really go out of their way to talk to me. Every day at lunch/break I follow the same schedule: Grab my food, go to the library entrance &amp; eat alone running into a person or two maybe once a week, then go into the library where I know a handful of people, but I would only really consider 3 of them actual friends. I dread group projects w/ picking your own partners as 9 times out of 10 I'm left alone either working by myself or I get paired with another person who didn't go into a group either. I've never had a girlfriend, I've never had anyone interested in me either. I'll go to the mall with someone maybe 2 or 3 times a year, if I'm not out somewhere then I can guarantee I'm on my computer talking to online friends/aquaintances or I'm doing some hobbies like programming or 3d printing. I just don't know where I went so wrong. It's like I'm slowly sinking into quicksand and I'm not making any progress in getting out. I don't even want to think about what it's going to be like in college, I'll probably lose the few friends I have now and be lonely for the rest of my life. Sorry for the poor formatting, I just wrote this up quick on mobile..."
What makes Liberals so fucking dumb? The vaccinations they were given as children  (Credit to my friendo)
My voices predict almost everything They'll tell me a number on a test or something that something that someone will say to me and then it comes true.  Everybody is watching me and my life is a lie(:
"My [24F] Friend [23F] Catfished Me as Her Boyfriend To Trick Me Into Flirting Hi, I'm studying in the US and English is my second language so it's a little difficult for me to socialize and make friends. I've made friends with only a couple girls and one who I'd consider my best friend here. Take the difficulty making friends and amplify by 100 for meeting boys, I get really anxious &amp; nervous talking to them and worry I'll say something stupid because of language barrier. He's one of the only boys I've even talked to since I've been studying here and a couple weeks ago we started texting, and I called him cute in one of the texts. My friend (his girlfriend) confronted me about flirting with him last week and I denied it, I thought she believed me as she seemed to have moved on and wasn't being rude or anything. Earlier today I was texting who I thought to be him, and ""he"" was flirting with me and I ended up asking something like if you weren't dating her would you consider dating me, and ""he"" said yes, we kept texting and then later today I hung out with my friend. She confronted me about asking him to date me, I denied it, and I didn't even ask him that I asked IF they weren't dating would he, but she pulls out screenshots of the texts and got really confrontational towards me. I'm a really non-confrontational person and I got nervous and started apologizing and she literally slapped me, like in the face, I started crying and that was it. We haven't talked yet since, and I'm going to try to contact her tomorrow and hopefully meet to talk about things but I'm terrified. I'm willing to apologize and take blame for it but I feel like she lied to me by texting me pretending to be her boyfriend, and she slapped me which made me really scared and I didn't know what to do. What would you do if you're in my shoes and who is in the wrong? Thank you  tl;dr: I'm studying abroad and have difficulty making friends or meeting boys. One of my only friends catfished me pretending to be her boyfriend, I flirted back with him, she confronted me about it and slapped me."
"I feel like I'm constantly distracting myself Whenever I'm alone or about to fall asleep I NEED to have something to distract me from my thoughts, or else I start having extremely anxious thoughts that lead to physical chest pains and suicidal thoughts. When I sleep I watch a video until I can't keep my eyes open so that I wont have to deal with myself overthinking every detail about all the interactions I've had that day or how I'm going to deal with my future. I wish I knew how to exist in my own head without some outside stimulant."
"How many calories do you think are burned serving? There's no option in MFP so I have to input one, *but* there's too much conflicting information...   I have two different types of serving jobs: One in a diner and one in a hospital. They're intense AF. Newbs usually last a shift or 2 at the hospital before they walk out. Anyone who's ever served know's how demanding it is.    I used to play competitive soccer and although serving isn't as intense as that, I'm using it as a comparison. Google says 60 minutes of competitive soccer burns about 740 calories so would it be fair to say serving burns half that?    I need answers so I can add it, lol.   Anyone use MFP? Want to add each other?"
"Tonight my dog may have saved my life I was in a car accident over a year ago and still have issues doing most things. This means I have no job, and zero income. Going through the process for disability, but I may lose everything I own before I get an approval.   Had a fight with my ex that I am still in love with, (lost due to mood swings and depression from accident). I've been holding on to lost hope that I can win her back, but every day I push her further away.   Tonight, everything just hit all at once and I wanted to end it all as fast as possible. The thought of this broke me. I sat alone on the couch crying and punching myself in the head.   At some point during this, my dog came over and put her head against mine as if to block my hits. When I stopped she, (50+lb husky) climbed up into my lap.   She usually stays to herself and rarely tries to play with me or ask for attention. I don't know why she did it. She may be the only reason I'm still here to write this.   So now I have a severe headache, a black eye, and a lot of swelling. But I'm curled up on my couch with my dog instead of leaving her all alone. I don't know how I'm going to face tomorrow, but I'm going to at least try.   Just needed to share this. I have no friends to talk to and just needed to get it out."
"Not good enough. My SO is better than me. I have an inferiority complex. Setting my standards any lower is defeat, not hitting those standards is failure. What do I do? I’m trapped."
"Long term planning/ real estate investment idea. I have little experience, but on paper it makes sense. Looking for suggestions and to see if this is realistic. Me and my wife are looking at buying our first house. We have a lot of financial goals, and I came up with an interesting idea that I was looking for some advice on. Essentially currently we make a pretty decent amount of money, and we are really looking at keeping our bills low. We make about 90k of year of just income. She also makes and additional 12k a year in child support that I'm not really including in this financial plan, but it does make our normal children type expenses non existent. So I don't really include them in any financial calculation except the fact we try to keep a little more in savings just in case something happens.  Our plan is really to buy a very cheap duplex. In our area we can get a 3 room duplex for about 150k maybe a little less maybe a little more. We have a very nice sized down payment saved up and we would like to keep our utilities, and mortgage payment below 1k a month (and I think that is something we can do pretty easily). Obviously, we will have a lot of money left over every month after that.  Me and my wife were thinking we live there for about 10 years or so. by that time it should be paid off if we put extra down on it which we will plan on doing, but on top of that we would really like to retire early, and maybe have some income from rental properties in the future. We live in a college town where renting is really pretty profitable, and it would be easy to find tenants. We were thinking that we try to pay if off early, while we live there we save as much as possible (and maybe invest it in like a taxable account of some kind so it's still liquid? not sure if that's the best way to handle it or not). and maybe when we buy another house we buy an additional property as a rental property. We then just keep investing the profits to grow it until we think we are making enough to quit our jobs and have a very comfortable retirement. Is this something that is realistic. I'm assuming our incomes will keep growing, and generally we live pretty cheap. We also have an advantage of free cars given to us every few years from her grand parents so that's something we can use to our advantage to keep our costs low. In my head this seems like a very lofty goal, but at the same time I think it is realistic."
"The woman on the suicide hotline said I had a negative attitude and I said that that’s not very empathetic and she said I’m sorry that you feel this way And then I said that her phone conversation was making me more suicidal and then she was like “should I call the police?” And I said “no”   And basically blamed me for my negative thoughts just said “all I’m hearing is negativity” but it’s the suicide hotline ffs what do you want   Hung up, cried and then called again and got the same person fuck my fucking life   And bro’s like “call a hotline! They’re professionals there to support you!” Cuz he didn’t want to talk to when when I’m dying I guess  Don’t know hate everything, broken and might try again with the rope tonight"
Jokes are just like people... ...not everyone appreciates the dark ones.
Only here because.. Does anyone just want to end it so badly and have a plan and everything but are ONLY still here because they worry about what would happen to their children? If it weren’t for them I would have no doubt about it. I just can’t stomach leaving them and worrying what would happen to them.
"Need some help, please Hi there, to preface this, I am attempting to find a mental health professional to get help from. I am just coming here to see if anyone has any guidance for me in the mean time till I can see someone.   A month ago I suffered the first panic attack I've ever had in my life (outside of smoking weed, which I only tried a few times). Looking back, I've always had some degree of social/health anxiety throughout my life but I had never let it affect me. The following two weeks, I was having debilitating panic attacks/near constant anxiety being convinced that I was going to die due to the anxiety, which I knew it was simply just that. During one of my panic attacks, I had the thought that I was going crazy and from there it spiraled and the craziest most intrusive thoughts had come into my head. Ever since this anxiety has started I have been glued to my computer pretty much all day except for getting out and runninga few miles... I've been attempting to hide away from people, the thoughts within my head and the feelings of anxiety. For the past two weeks, I've been able to stop the panic attacks from happening the few times that I have ventured out of my home, and have mostly stopped the intrusive thoughts. I began using the mindfulness app roughly four days ago and I believe it has helped immensely. Yet, I still am having anxiety and the racing thoughts. I feel as though this anxiety stems from the severe guilt I feel for having my thoughts and the worry that they may come back. I know the goal behind mindfulness is to be the observer of your thoughts... but I can't seem to escape the guilt/stop the anxiety. I have gotten to the point where I can sometimes not judge the thought, then let it pass. But then, I feel as if I have become my thoughts since I no longer feeling anything towards it and it starts off the cycle again. I've woken up multiple times every night since this started, with anxiety immediately on my mind and the intrusive thoughts. The meditation has helped in the sense that the anxiety at night isn't as strong and it seems like it's loosing power. Plus, thoughts of my past mistakes and behaviors have been coming into my mind as well. I was just wondering if anyone has any tips for me at all... I just want to be whole again. I've been meditating for 5-10 minutes in the morning and then again at night. Sorry for the wall of text, if anything I just needed to get this all of my chest. Thank you very much and I hope you are well."
"Pushing a good relationship away I am in a great relationship, have been almost a year. But recently after talk of having children and getting more serious (besides the fact that I want all those things) I feel more and more like I want to run away from it all. I imagine booking plane tickets and litteraly run away or just plain old cheat on my Bf. I am afraid that I dont know how to be happy.  Anyone who has had this feeling or experience with BPD?"
I JUST WANT TO BE NORMAL!!!!! On mobile yadda yadda yadda. I just wanna be normal goddamnit. I have ruined my entire life and my relationship is in jeopardy and I cant afford decent therapy and I'm going at this whole BPD thing alone. I just want to be able to snap my fingers and not have this horrible fucking disease. I hate myself.
[F/20] gets annoyed at the fact that my non-close family doesn't invite her to events... Even though she hasn't met them [M/20] My girlfriend got extremely annoyed with me because my non-close family members (who I haven't seen for atleast 2 years) didn't invite her to a day out. She got annoyed with me as I said I would of liked it if I could spend some time with them like the good old times but she wasn't happy with this. Let alone that she really doesn't like the fact that I sometimes want to go home and not bring her with me. I'm just seeing what everyone thinks. I didn't think it was a big thing but now she dislikes them even before meeting them.  TL;DR girlfriend is annoyed that family didn't invite her on a day activity and that I am going home alone.
Yellow stool - meaning? Anyone familiar with it?
"How to frame discussion around neurodevelopment and bioethics respectfully? So, I recently came over this study https://www.bmj.com/content/364/bmj.l962 and it made me think about what a difficult thing ableism is, and how it will only get harder to deal with as we learn more about how we humans work. I figured my perspective on this will be really incomplete so I wanted to get y'alls perspective.   Basically, I'm down with not treating autism as a disease, the idea of neurodiversity and getting away from a normative view of human development. *However* (dum dum daaaam) there's devils in the details. Using the study I linked as an example, ahould we take steps to minimise pesticide usage around inhabited areas to minimise the impact on prenatal development? But that feels a bit like framing the outcomes (something like autism being amongst them) as something to avoid, i.e. the disease framing.    Another aspect that I struggle with: let's assume we figure out the human neurodevelopmental complex 100% and can control the neurotype our children end up with. Would it be ethical to ""clip"" the neurotype to one standard deviation around the mean (trying really hard to no use ableist framing here)? Would it be ethical *not to*? I'm sure the question ""if you could choose whether your child is neurotypical or not, what would you do"" is asked in bad faith, but what are the actual answers if asked in good faith?  I hope this is okay to post like this, I checked the rules and it *feels* it should be okay?   Cheers, Wojcech"
"Some lonely things. * When people treat you like shit for no reason and treat you like you're weird, but with no reason behind it, and give you no idea as to how to improve yourself, so you think that there's just a huge problem with you * Finding out your best friend doesn't want to talk to you anymore * Looking around at other people and realizing how lonely you are * Unable to fit in with everyone, someone's always different * Missing something from your life that makes you miserable and kills your motivation to do anything"
"Transitioning from Rexulti to Abilify. Hello all,  I'm on a combination of drugs which included Rexulti for Major Depressive Disorder. The combination has been working fine. Unfortunately, my insurance as of January 1st is a high deductible plan.  This means that even with my assistance card the price for a month's supply is ~$950, which is not within my budget. I'm also ineligible for their other Otsuka assistance plans since I have insurance, however bad it may be.  That said, I know that Abilify is a pretty close drug to Rexulti and, more importantly, there is a generic available and it's affordable.  My psych had agreed to switch me and says the transition should be easy, but I'm having a lot of anxiety about the switch. I've been doing so well on my combination of Cymbalta and Rexulti.  Has anyone else made this switch? If so, how did it go?"
"Feeling alone at a school dance Can't help it, last night I(16M) was at a school dance and honestly felt so alone, I didnt have anyone I really could talk to cause most had dates. And as I look at social media I see all the people I talk to in school with their friends or with their date. I had to force myself to stop cause I felt so lonely looking at everyone be so happy. I tagged along with my brother's group but got left out pretty fast, the only reason I went was to see the girl I like and to talk to her but another guy was more confident then me so he got to talk to her and dance with her while I was just kinda there, silently hurting."
"Find your inner circle Finding a core group of people who accept you for who you are, illness and all, is a critical component of maintaining a healthy lifestyle. At least it is in my experience.  I was diagnosed with OCD at age 15, MDD around the same time, BDII and PTSD at 36. It's a fun little party. Every disease under the sun seemed to show up for it.  I've been on and off of so many med combinations, I honestly couldn't remember them all if I tried. The meds help, to varying degrees (especially Lamotrigine, in my case). But you really need an inner circle beyond the meds.  And make no mistake: that inner circle might be small. It might always be small. This world doesn't really understand mental health, and of the range of mental health disorders, BP is *far* from the most socially accepted. It'll be a long time before it is. Probably not in our lifetimes.  So it's incumbent on us to find the people in our lives who really do care about us, and won't make fun of us, stigmatize us, or shun us behind our backs. Again, most people will do these things.  I don't know if I'd be here today if it weren't for the 3 or 4 close friends who don't judge me."
"I really wish I was a normal functioning human being Edit: (RANT WARNING)   My friend is going away for a year next week. This weekend he's having a get together at a bar/restaurant he's rented out.   He invited me and when I tried to weasel my way out he persisted, and now that I gave him a pretty definitive 'no' I just feel like the lowest person in the world.    I can tell that he thinks I'm a shitty friend because of this, and this decision could put a dark shadow on our friendship from here on out, but even knowing that I just can't.     There will be people I went to Highschool with there, people I haven't seen in a long time, people who knew me before my anxiety got to this point. Just thinking of walking through those doors and all those eyes hitting me makes my chest feel like it's caving in.    It just sucks when that isn't an excuse you can give to some people. It would just sound like a shitty friend making a shitty excuse, and maybe that's all it is.    Just really sick of this."
"Is there a way to ""forecast"" a depressive episode and what can you do? For me at least, I don't have chronic depression but there have been periods of couple months where I feel very depressed and it distorts my view of the world and I become very negative, even though I am generally a somewhat optimistic person. So are there telltale signs that one may be entering a downward spiral, and are there ways to lessen the episode and not dig a deeper hole. Thank you."
"How is this even possible. I have tried for so long and still nothing has been able to keep me clean. I am clearly self medicating. I have been to rehab 3 times but eventually after a month or so I can take it anymore and want to be numb again. The thing I can fathom is why even though every ounce of my being doesn’t want to continually self destruct, I do it anyway. I’m so lonely too even though I have family I don’t have friends or people more than coworkers. I go to meetings every week but still I feel so alone in this regardless of whether I am or not. Ultimately I just am filling an empty whole and I need someone else to fill it. (notice I said whole, clean minds people) Any advice?"
"I almost hung myself today I tied my favorite beach towel on the top bar of my elevated top bunk bed.   I told my boyfriend who lives tens and thousands of miles away that I was sorry on Facebook messenger  I wrote 'I'm sorry' on a piece of paper with a marker, that was for my folks.  I hung the noose on my neck and practiced, bawling my eyes out. I hesitated.    I left my apartment and am now on a friend's couch.   I feel absolutely surreal  I walked out of my own coffin."
"Car in my name repo'd. Is there anything I can do? I've heard this happens a lot. My boyfriend didn't make me aware that his car was so late on payments that it might get repo'd. It is in my name but he is the person that the company contacts, does business through/requests payments from. It was in my name because I had good credit. I wasn't informed about any of this and now the car is in a lot for the weekend until I can call the tow truck company tomorrow. The only thing that gives me hope is that my boyfriend DID send the full amount owed directly and immediately the night before it was towed but he couldn't get in contact with anyone to confirm the payment over the phone because it was after hours.  I have no idea what to do or who to call. Only that my boyfriend is probably not going to be around much longer."
"I have no interest in anything For the past 3 years I've been practically lifeless, I spend most my time just laying in bed, wasting away. I find life in general and everything extremely boring, even if I try to get into hobbies/activities it just seems pointless and unexciting. I don't really get any pleasure from life, not even sex. I only get slight enjoyment from food and video games. I've tried exercise, medication, therapy, etc to combat this problem and found no relief, how do I get out of this mess?"
"Anyone else here have SERIOUS issues with compulsive lying? I feel like a criminal half the time with some of the stuff that comes out of my mouth and the stuff I get away with. My family has grown quite sick of/ impressed with me, and I’ve been dubbed the “con man” of the family. The sickest part of it all is at some point in my lies I convince my own self of their validity and it becomes so delusional that it works. The guilt I feel after the fact is all consuming, and I’m actually dealing with some of that guilt right now. I don’t intentionally lie at all. Sometimes I just get so wrapped up in stress or a persona that it just spills out of me until it’s too late. Anyone care to share some of their shitty compulsive lying situations to make a gal feel less alone 😊"
Anyone else try online/video call therapy? How was your experience? I'm having my first video therapy next week with a licensed psychologist and just want to know how other's experiences have been.
"anyone else not so scared anymore? ok so as some background, I haven’t had a panic attack in a few years. I stopped having anxiety for awhile too but recently it came on really strong. My anxiety is entirely focused on having panic attacks and all my coping skills are based on avoiding them. But even more recently I’ve started to not be as scared. BTW I’m on antidepressants for my GAD but I was still having anxiety anyways, but I do think my meds make me more subdued.  It almost feels like I’m just tired of being scared so I’ve just had way less anxiety. Like I’m just like “ok let’s have a panic attack” and nothing happens. Or if I start to get the feelings of having one I’m like “ok, who cares”. And now that my anxiety knows I’m not scared of it it has kind of gone away a bit??? Like I still do little things like my stomach will be in knots and I’ll be grinding my teeth a ton but I won’t sit there over thinking it or be paralyzed with fear.  Let me know if anyone else started to feel this way!!!"
"I will not allow myself to believe that my SO loves me. I mean, for God’s sake, we just booked a week long vacation together yesterday; and yet, not ten minutes later I thought “he’s probably hoping we break up before then, I hope he bought refundable tickets because I’d hate for him to lose money over me.”   (Insert Nick Young’s wtf face)"
Anxiety ruins movie watching Don't know if this is a common behavior but whenever I'm watching certain series on Netflix. I often find myself skipping certain parts that I deem ''awkward'' because then I will envision myself in those awkward scenarios despite the chances of those awkward scenarios happening being at 00000000000000000000000000000000000.1%
"Taking out a car loan at 18 I'm 18, almost 19, and work IT making ~$11k while attending college. The cost for college is taken care of by some loans, some grants. But I need a new car fairly soon, and plan to sell my current one for what I'm hoping $3000. I have my eye on a $9000 beauty of a car, which of course isn't the cheapest thing and I could honestly live with something I spend half that price on.  I'm planning on taking out a loan to buy this car, but would that even be a good idea at my age and salary? I do expect to be making more money eventually, but have no idea how much or when that day will come."
"Question: spinning while meditating, any spiritual meaning to this? Or does it just happen. Past few times I’ve been able to maintain a meditative state for longer then 10ish minutes I begin to spin , if I’m sitting in the floor it starts out as I feel like I’m floating slowly lifting up then it feels like very slowly my whole body is spinning - it’s not as overwhelming in the floor but I prefer to meditate at my desk/altar where I sit in a spinning computer chair lol but keep my feet planted on the ground when meditating here it becomes so intense not fast but just like really feels like the whole computer chair is being turned with me in it!!!!! It’ll get so crazy feeling I’ll have to open my eyes to make sure I’m not actually moving because I start to get dizzy??  What’s up with this?"
"Being an introvert is such a bad joke You feel lost at sea in a crowd and you start looking frantically for dry land when you're in that situation, and when you finally find it you breathe a sigh of relief for a while. Maybe a long while! But at some point that feeling of isolation creeps up on you and you realize that you're some distance from civilization now and it's gonna take time and energy to get back to friendly territory. At least that's how it is for me?  I wish I had a better sense of why I struggle to maintain relationships and keep in touch with people? There are several external factors at work to be sure but some part of it has to be my own fault. Am I not a good enough listener? Am I just too boring? Is it my personality? I just wish there was one person in daily life that I had just enough in common with to have an actual interest in the small eccentric things that draw the focus of my attention from day to day.  Just a bit of vent that spilled out of me at work today. Thanks for reading it."
"Fear of the future So, today was the hardest day since I read my statement in court in front of my ex husband.  So today I got email notifying me that what I thought I had for time in being safe was much shorter than I had anticipated.  Here I thought I would have at least 5 or 10  years to be safe and truly build a new life only to find out that he could be out in 3 to 6 due to statutory release.   I've been in full panic mode, crying, hyperventilating, shaking. Luckily, I do have a wonderful support system around me but it doesn't always help with the future planning.  I wonder if I should run to another country or do I stay and try not to fear him trying to take my life again. I feel that either decision he has the control  I hate feeling like this...  Thanks for letting me rant."
"I'm exhausted and don't see the light anymore Battling chronic illness, depression, insomnia and thoughts of suicide related to medications feels like it's too much to bare. I am usually a very positive person but since being diagnosed last year, since failed medications and side effects... I can't handle it anymore. Whenever I've told anyone, as hard as it is to do, I feel completely judged and the silence is the worst feeling ever. I never thought I would want to give up again (I tried to commit suicide at 15) I'm 26 now, but the lack of sleep and feeling out of my own body is too much to deal with. I feel like this would be better for my family and boyfriend. I don't want to be here anymore. I feel like this broken, disgusting and ugly women who hides all the time behind a smile. I always reach out to other people because I know how it feels like to suffer in silence myself."
"I'm losing it stuck in quarantine with no close friends F23. Not into anime or video games, so can't bond over that.     I just want someone to call on discord or watch a movie with. I'm a depressed university student without much hope for the future. I'm sensitive and could use some kind words and understanding. Girls only."
"Having questions about if my grandfather was murdered in the hospital Hello,  my grandfather died recently in the hospital. He meant the world to me and I saw him more often than I do see my parents. He was pretty ill and had heart problems. His heart was very weak and he could not walk more than 50 metres. One day where I was staying at his home he walked the stairs even though everyone told him not to do together with the housemaid, I was not in the room. He became unconcious and was brought to the hospital. He became concious in a minute again I think after I slapped him in the face and after a check up the docs brought him to the observation station for the night, so I interprete this as him being stable. His stats for blood pressure and pulse were decent. He died that night and the docs did not have a good explanation and mentioned that he must have ripped the needles and stuff for oxygen and the electrics out and that twice. Knowing my grandfather he would never ever do that. He was insanely worried about me doing unsafe stuff and we told him several times to not do stuff like that. So I am from germany and we have this case were a hospital nurse killed 90 old people and after researching this that happens alot for my understanding.  Now I am really worried but not sure on what to do, Please help."
"Awake, dear traveler, you’ve got to move on. Thought of r/divorce as I read this:  Awake, dear traveler, you’ve got to move on. Trailing its stars, the night is gone. Do what you have to do, do it today. You will never be back this way. Your companions are calling. “Let us go.” Awake, dear traveler, you’ve got to move on. Trailing its stars, the night is gone. A pearl, a ruby, the touchstone and dice… With all that you thirst by the waterside. Awake, dear traveler, you’ve got to move on. Trailing its stars, the night is gone.  -Syed Bulleh Shah Qadri"
"Just a rant/venting out I am severely depressed, in a way I can only describe as if I was falling down a well and watching the dark shadows turn even darker as I fall deeper. But that's not the point. What I want to talk about here is my appearance. I realize my handsomeness is quite above average, but I still can't deal with my flaws at all. I feel like I'm a complete mess. Fucked up. I feel like I have everything, but can't enjoy any of it. It's like being really hungry and standing in front of a banquet, but not being able to eat any of it. You can smell it. You can see it. Maybe you can even eat it. But for some reason you can't truly enjoy it. I don't understand why I am writing this. Guess I like the thought of someone exactly like me ever reading this. I haven't really liked any of my therapists in the past, I don't feel like anyone else really understands. For some reason, I can't seem to grasp onto any hope of getting better one day. This is my life. This is how I have been for as long as I can remember. Sad. Empty. Dear God, what is wrong with me..."
"I have been taking 300mg Wellbutrin for about a year, and I still have not been able to open up about it to my friends and family. And now there is a party I am going to that involves drinking. My friends are suggesting I take Adderall to reduce the effects of being hungover. What happens if you take all 3? And what happens if you just take Wellbutrin and alcohol? Any advice? My family does not have history of seizures its unlikely that would happen. Wellbutrin + Adderall + Alcohol"
"This is a COUP by the globalists Is no one talking about this? These rapid fires against Trump, the coerced Syria strike to upset his own supporters, the sudden change of heart on TPP.. the neoliberals are staging a coup of this country  And I'm not saying Trumps not dirty. Of course he is. But so are all politicians. The difference is TPTB have decided Trump is not conductive to their goals and are now in the process of removing him from office. And replacing him with ANYONE more sympathetic to the globalists is frightening indeed."
"I'm sick of my depression being my joke It seems me every giving a cry for help is just a joke. I'm not depressed, it's a joke, or atleast that's what they think. The scars on my wrist definitely aren't something serious. Me saying how I'll be dead is just a joke right? Because depression isn't a real thing to my picture perfect ""friends"""
"Lunar eclipse and full moon Lunar eclipse and full moon is really close, I’ve been feeling so bad the past few days that feels like I’m loosing my mind, having awful sleep and the worst nightmares, feeling not myself. What about you guys? Are you feeling this way too?"
Could someone please be by my side right now? I'm feeling so much pain and hurt. My chest feels heavy and my body is weak. I need someone to just be by my side and to feel affection. I don't think my problems are worth discussing I just don't want to be alone right now 💔
NOBODY WANTS TO TALK TO ME Going to kill myself
"I did not sleep tonight Well I did sleep, but it was for about three hours and it was far from any deep sleep. Then I woke up an hour before my planned wake up time. No matter how hard I tried I simply could not sleep. Today is going to be even more horrible than normal."
"Weird? I am literally so freaking angry all the damn time, I really wanna hurt myself. The anger is killing me."
"Paying off parents debt My parents have a little over 10k in debt from a couple business ventures as well as credit card debt   I want to try and pay off most if not all of this. I have always been extremely close to them and they paid my way they college, allowing me to graduate debt free.   Was just wondering if anyone else has done this and what way do you think I should give them the money?"
"Sometimes Sometimes - Sheenagh Pugh  Sometimes things don't go, after all, from bad to worse.  Some years, muscadel faces down frost; green thrives; the crops don't fail, sometimes a man aims high, and all goes well.  A people sometimes will step back from war; elect an honest man, decide they care enough, that they can't leave some stranger poor. Some men become what they were born for.  Sometimes our best efforts do not go amiss, sometimes we do as we meant to. The sun will sometimes melt a field of sorrow that seemed hard frozen:  may it happen for you."
crush struggles There's a really hot guy (yes homo) in my class at community college and I really want to at least be friends with him. He looks like a jock but he is also soft spoken and innocent\\thoughtful looking. I can tell he is shy but not to the weirdo level like me. Unfortunately I sit on the other side of the room and I can’t switch seats without taking someone else’s seat and everyone noticing. I feel that he is definitely super nice and approachable but I would never be able to go to another class if he rejected me and that would f\*ck my grade lol. Although he probably doesn’t know I exist…  maybe it’s better off that way.
"how is cardio relief of stress? when i running and that moment cant generating oxygen to me, that is stress. yea, rises endorfine, but there is anyway stress. stress and endorfine together is same a positive dream."
"I feel depressed and uncaring towards people even when they don’t deserve it, this isn’t normal Ive been in a sad slump all week and I cant stand it, I dont even know why, Im awkward around all of my closest friends and I even started to distance myself from one of them for no reason at all. I found out that said friend cried because I was starting to stop talking to her and i couldn’t feel anything, I knew that i didn’t want her to be sad because of me but I didn’t... feel any emotion. I don’t know why.  I can’t ask my parents for help because they don’t care about mental health, they think it’s something that’s in the head. I started high school this year and its been a rough transition, I know its supposed to be the peak of life but Im not finding any joy  Im not close with any of my friends except one in my school and i can tell all of them would rather be talking to someone else than me. i wish i was gone and i didn’t exist because it would hurt a lot less than having to go on every day"
Trying to understand I feel like I’m constantly bouncing between introvert and extrovert but am mostly introverted is there a name or explanation for it? My main source is coming from me being scared to ask people out and other people beat me to it if that makes sense  I posted this in the introvert subreddit too
About to get fired I have a meeting with my boss this friday. I think i'm going to get fired but i'm not 100% sure.   &amp;#x200B;  If i do i have nothing left so ill probably just end it.  &amp;#x200B;  Isn't it crazy that I'm still in denial?
"I try my best but I cannot and I feel like shit. A lot of my friends decides to trust me with their secrets and problems and still, I constantly fail to support them. Sometimes I wish they did not share that much because having to think about what to do and say to help them stresses me out and its still not enough to be useful. Instead of giving actual good advice I start to tell them what I think they would like to hear and I always end up saying stuff that does not make sense and its just confusing for them. I feel like shit and I just wish they could find someone who can actually give them good advice instead of sticking out with someone that does not even care about them but just wants them to shut up about their problems to go have fun. I hate myself more and more whenever i think about this I cannot support people."
"What's the most loneliest moment of your life? Maybe right now or maybe in the past, but what do you think is the reason behind it?"
"Numb and empty I feel completely numb to the outside world. Internally I feel bone achingly sad, lost, and empty. I have such a hard time focusing on anything. My husband can be talking to me and I won’t even notice because my mind is just blank.   I feel like such a failure. I’m on meds, I have a wonderful husband, good paying job, roof over my head, and a loving family. But I just want to disappear and save everyone from my existence. What is wrong with me?!"
"The Power Rangers walk into a bar... The bartender says, ""We don't serve your kind here.""  The Power Rangers say, ""Why, because we're colored?!"""
"This is a long post and is all over the place. I have to rant as I cannot ever physically say my emotions or feelings and therefore cannot tell my own therapist about this or anyone really. I have been suicidal since I was at least 13. There are notes as far back as 9 saying I might as well die to my doctors. My home life was never good.I have always said Ill die by 40 if I make no progress but it often feels like the earlier the better. My guilty conscience leads me to wait until my family is older. I have been struggling with burnout and usually no one notices in my family and ignores me (probably my fault since I get irritable). For reference, I am autistic (aspergers), have ADHD, anxiety and depression. The latter three since I was 6 years old. My little sister came into my room tonight and made me dinner (leftovers, she knows I do not eat regular meals. I forget or food just is not appealing.. I am very picky and she knows me by now). Pretty sure she heard me crying and saw me cry earlier today, but its making me cry more that she even noticed. Maybe she did not notice but I know she caught on as I was crying as she brought me food. I know I have my own issues, but both of my little siblings are or have been suicidal and hospitalized and I just do not want to add on any pressure to anyone in my family. My older sister has a kid and a divorce at a young age and is unstable in many ways. But I am 25 now and its breaking me feeling so alone and I cannot be perfect. I have had to put on a show since my two little sisters came into my life when I was 15 when my mom got married (which I would not ever trade it was a good thing). I got my act together but instead just have the same issues I did at age 9 at age 25 and have not progressed socially at all. I have not dated. Never been asked out. I lose friends due to being impulsive and saying the wrong things. People say I am nice but somehow all of my relationships are superficial. No one reaches out to me for actual conversation unless they need something. I realized I am starting to suffer severe burn out. Doctors notes say at age 13 I said Ill stay in my room and just not talk. I have done that since and did not even know I saw that. My memory itself it very poor. But here is the catch. How do you deal with burn out when you cannot ever express your true emotions? I always lie on impulse and say I am watching a sad movie (which is what I did today and I referenced a movie I cried to recently called Ride Your Wave). I do not think I can be vulnerable. Therapy and medicine has not helped this because I am too stubborn to open my mouth and say more that the bare minimum. I either lie or get so angry if I have to express the truth, so I never express the truth. The anger is really me just being overwhelmed and I know that others cannot take that well and resent me for it. I was chastised far too often and hit too often as a kid for my fits. To be fair, I hit too. My parents never cared for positive reinforcement or bothered learning how to soothe a mentally ill child. My mother never listened to my doctors when they said she should try complimenting me for once (they legit said this as she was negative in my doctor appointments).How can I be vulnerable when no one ever took me serious enough when I struggled the most and it came off as anger? I got tossed aside so my little sisters could get the help they needed since I got good grades. My own stubbornness makes it so no one wants to help me or ask how I am or how I feel. I just answer I am fine. Its stifling. I never meant to push anyone away but why does no one ask me how I am or press further? It hurts. Sometimes I hate living with these conditions and nights like tonight when my little sister came into my room give me some hope. I am not completely hopeless, but 10 (25) years of working my ass off to feel like I have not gotten anywhere socially and I still cannot cook well and cannot get out of my room. People say to just try/do it. I try it and fail I get overwhelmed and cannot do it again. I am trying hard and they know I am behind but it seems I can only help myself but I just have not been able to. I know at this point I need to do things alone but how do I start? Not to mention there is no new psychiatrist available until October. Online ones exist but cannot prescribe the stimulant I take. I am just stuck. Thanks for reading. I am just not sure Ill be here when I am middle age if I do not progress or even a year. Being behind is hard and people make fun of you if you are a picky eater or are a creature of habit but I cannot help it. Why cannot people be more understanding. Why cannot I understand myself. Its a two way compromise but I am so stubborn I get nowhere. How much longer?"
"I 16M Want to die My mom is bashing me everyday then tries to get her friend to basically gang up on me saying how I need to ""change my lifestyle"" and ""get motivated"" but the problem is that im homeschooled, have no friends because mom won't let me see them, blames my last suicide attempt/drug overdose on me and uses it as an example to everything now, I want to get my computer back? ""No! you contact your drug dealers!"" also she is racist, calls my friends ""drug addicted monkeys"" etc. She doesn't believe depression and calls it a big pharma tactic, she doesn't consent for me to go to therapy or go see a councilor to help me, she wants me to go the gym near me but it's almost always packed and kids who used to bully me in middle school go there and always follow me around and laugh/talk about me behind my back, I just gave up and don't want to do anything, I just want to die because of my mom &amp; I don't have a dad, he is out of state on work multiple years at a time. What should I do to try and fix my misfortune called life... I just want  hope in my life, Im seriously on my last thread before I let go and just commit to wanting to kill myself."
Suicide I’ve been holding cutter and sticking it to my wrist but i couldn’t bear with the thought of being in pain afterwards. I want to kill myself but I can’t. I just want to know how. Fuck this anxiety.
"I survived... Idk where to start. I attempted suicide 7-12-11 and from that day forward, life seemed like.. a 2nd chance. To do and enjoy everything. And i did. My early 20s.. man I did some crazy shit. but then 2 months before my 21st bday I tried to kill myself and my life changed. Literally forever.   &amp;#x200B;  I had to drop out of college. Worked at Walmart and Petsmart(dogs are waaaay easier to deal with). I worked in a warehouse then moved on to another one and now 3.5 years later I'm a manager. My depression seriosly keeps me awake at night but that drive to work hard... to do your best no matter the task.. it's always been there. It's in my blood. So me working welll is natural.. I lucked up and did it so long that I got promoted.. TWICE.  Now the bumps along the road were fuckin stupid, ridiculous, and flat out disrespectful, but I made it. Barely..  &amp;#x200B;  I have less than 10 friends. My bout with depression made me lean on a lot of people emotionally and it did not work out a lot of the time. I also thought I was a goner at 1 point so I said fuck it and severed most of my friendships.. just so they wouldnt miss me when i was gone.  &amp;#x200B;  Well I'm still here and life is just still going. It's better but Im struggling. very much so. I'll keep chuggin along and I hope it will be all good. Just as I have everyday since 7/12/11.  &amp;#x200B;  Some moments may feel lost. Some days you may feel hopeless. Lost forever. Eternally misunderstood. That's you literally just finding yourself. Do what we humans are good at. Endure. Persevere. Fight through and make a new outcome.  &amp;#x200B;  And even if it isn't new, trust me, I know from experience, it will be better. And at the very least, it will be tolerable. Because you have endured worse and know how to respond. Make tomorrow a dream"
"Please cheer up Literally just joined this thread, and all I see is sad and depressing posts, like guys life is what you make of it if you make it sad then it’ll be sad. Buy a dog or something. take a walk outside, smoke a blunt, just do something semi-positive as a hobby to take your mind off your woes. Aaron out."
"Are my plans realistic? Moving across the country. I currently live in South Florida and I’m planning to move to NYC in August/September. I graduate in May and I believe that’s the city to be in for my career. I have $3,000 saved up, and I’m saving more every week. I’m applying to countless internships/jobs to have my foot in the door before I have to fully move over there. However, my credit score isn’t the best and I know that some landlords run credit checks.   Is there anything I’m missing/forgetting? It’ll be my first time living alone and I want to be prepared."
"I hate when people want to just compare problems... It makes my problems seem petty. I get it. Others suffer more, I am not a fucking moron. But then what? Put on a happy face and just exist? I guess don't deserve happiness or struggle, but mediocrity."
"My girlfriend recently broke up with me, shortly after starting an internship out of state due to a plethora of issues, including my mental health struggles. Many of the issues she stated are issues I did not know she has, and had I know, I would have worked to fix.I am trying to do anything to mend the relationship, as I love my girlfriend and I acknowledge what I have done wrong, but she states she wants space for a bit and wants to see if I can be the boyfriend she deserves.I do not know what to do. I have made my fair share of mistakes, and I am more than willing to admit it, but I feel absolutely destroyed because we both put so much love into the relationship. It just feels like a switch was pressed, and everything vanished the second it occurred. My girlfriend went from stating she loved me more than anything to being openly critical of me, and it now makes me confused as to whether or not any of those feelings were true, or if she is simply upset and truly does need space after my behavior over the past month.I did not handle the distance well, and it did send me to the mental hospital, amongst other things. I plan to seek out counseling and begin the process of working on myself, but I do not want to have to lose someone I seriously care about. I moved my entire life over here to live with her and pursue our relationship, and all I want is for her to be happy.I feel like all I do is push people away and make things worse, and that I am being gradually erased by everyone I know. I do not know what will even be left of me by the time this is done, and all I want is to be with the person I love and work things out. My girlfriend broke up with me, and now everything seems hopeless"
"Why would be someone as smart as Rachel Maddow was sucked so deep into Trump/Russia collusion conspiracy? One would think Rachel Maddow has ultimate power over topics on her MSNBC show, and her ability to separate facts from speculations by her fancy guests and journalists from large media outlet. It has been a huge disappointment that, in the past two plus years, she dedicated so much on-air-time on the Trump/Russia collusion conspiracy. It is a fact that all legacy big media outlets are rating whores, and they are all in it for profit. Fortunately, there are many uncensored long form style media like podcast one can pick and listen to, to get closer to the truth. If main stream media bullshit annoys you, and you just want to find the truth, Jeremy Scahill and his podcast might be worthy of your time.  Listen to ""The Day After Mueller"" from Intercepted with Jeremy Scahill in Podcasts:  [https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/intercepted-with-jeremy-scahill/id1195206601?mt=2#episodeGuid=a750b2de-193b-11e9-b1ea-93a5913387e2](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/intercepted-with-jeremy-scahill/id1195206601?mt=2#episodeGuid=a750b2de-193b-11e9-b1ea-93a5913387e2)"
Books to help others learn about depression I was wondering if anybody had any suggestions for books I can get for my boyfriend to read to help him understand my depression more. He struggles to understand suicidal ideation and my feelings as a whole. I think I have a hard time verbalizing the way I feel and he doesn’t know what questions to ask to understand things more. Any books that he/we can read to help break that barrier a little?
"I know it may sound stupid but I feel so unbearably sad, my heart just arches and I am crying myself to sleep. I just want to lie down next to my mom and cry. And I would want her to say nothing, just let me be close and cry. I want her to understand. I want her to gently stroke my hair and kiss my forehead. I know I am probably too old for this (I am 21) but at the same time it is my mom and nobody is ever too old for mother's love. I do not know. Recently I have been feeling awful and I like to imagine myself hugging my mom. I am going to see her next week so we will be able to spend some time together, maybe this will help me feel a little bit better. Please do not make fun of me. I need my mom"
"I'm (23M) wondering if it's ok to try and contact my ex (21F) to start talking again since she blocked me when I was talking to another girl    So basically I've (23 M) been broken up with my ex (21F) for about 13 months. We dated for 14 months, from my last year of undergrad until I moved away and she transferred to another college. We broke up mainly because of the distance (6 hours), as well as me adjusting to law school and her adjusting to a new school. We remained friends and talked for a few months, except for her getting frustrated me a few times for not responding soon enough for her.  A few months later I started talking to someone else (23), and I made some dumb decisions about talking to my ex. I asked her for advice about how I should approach something I was concerned about with the new girl I was talking to, and I don't think my ex appreciated it. Then I asked her where she had bought a nice pair of boxers she got for me when we were together, because I genuinely wanted to know to buy another pair.  She never responded to this, and the next time I tried to contact her, I realized she had blocked me on Snapchat and blocked my number. She still follow me on Facebook and Instagram.  Recently, I've become single again, and started thinking a lot about her. She made me really happy, and I miss her and miss talking to her. I'm not saying I'd get back together with her, but I would at least want to start talking again to see what happened.  The only issue is, whether or not I should even try and contact her again. I assume she just blocked me because of things relating to the new girl I was talking to, but the new girl is out of the picture now. So I'm just wondering if it would be wise to even try and talk to her. I miss her a lot and she was great to me and would love to start talking again, but I don't want to stir up any issues because she blocked my number and Snapchat. I don't know if it's relevant at all but my exe's mom and best friend are still Snapchat friends with me and see my stories.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR: I miss my ex and want to start trying to talk to her again via Facebook, as she blocked my number and Snapchat. I think I was blocked because she didn't hearing or seeing me with a new girl, I just don't know if I should leave the situation alone or attempt to reach out."
"[21F] Starting having anxiety at the end of University and it won’t go away I’m having incredibly bad anxiety right now and I just need to vent. Throughout my whole life until my final semester of University, I never had really bad anxiety and didn’t really understand what it truly meant until I was having panic attacks and constantly crying during my final exam season. I was constantly stressed out with deadlines whilst also having to apply for jobs for the summer. (I am starting a masters in September) I would pretty much just have these bad panic attacks on a daily basis and no idea how to resolve them.   At the time I hoped it would end when all my deadlines did, but it just continued. Having to say goodbye to all my friends when they left to go back home was so heartbreaking and seeing my boyfriend off to another city after sleeping together most nights was and still is really difficult being on my own.   It’s now the end of August and I still feel like I’m drowning and so alone. I don’t know if seeing a doctor is going to help. Is anyone on medication for anxiety? I just went home for the bank holiday week (I’m in England) and it was such a refreshing break and I felt so much better but now I’m back to my house ( which I share with strangers) and I’m having anxiety again.   I hate springing my emotions on people and can’t bring myself to call my friends or my boyfriend when I feel this low. It’s just so horrible. When I have waves of anxiety I feel huge feelings of inadequacy, insecurity and paranoia on another level than I have ever experienced.   I don’t know who else to talk to so I hope to find some help on here for any tips to reduce daily anxiety. After 21 years of not experiencing this level of anxiety, it’s a huge shock to my body and I don’t know how to deal with this. I’ve been having this since early May and nothing is getting better.   Any help will be appreciated - thank you."
It’s time I am going to talk to my dad today about getting help. Wish me luck
"Suicidal ytd, went to mental health institite today YTD my thoughts went super dark. During lunch break I went out, hid at a staircase and cried. Felt absolutely despaired and hopeless. Finished crying and went back to office, faked a happy persona with the colleagues but my mind was racing.   So happens today was my follow up appointment with psychiatrist at institute of mental health.   I felt like I got the help I needed for a long time.  Wonder if I'll recover like the doctor was certain. Wonder if i'll slip into that suicidal spiral anytime soon again. Next appointment is a month later.....  Taking lexapro 20mg and Xanax 1mg."
"After 6 years, my panic attacks are back I’ve been suffering for a long time. The past couple of years I was able to push through my daily anxiety and even my depression some days. 2 weeks ago I had a panic attack for the first time in 6 years. I ended up at the ER. They treated me and did x-rays on my heart to be sure I didn’t have a heart problem based off the symptoms I told them I was having. I have high blood pressure so I’m prescribed medication for it. During my panic attack I though my throat was closing up and that I couldn’t breathe so now I have this fixation on my throat and I’m scared to death to take my medicine and even eat due to being terrified of choking or having an allergic reaction. This shit has taken over my life and I hate my life now. I feel like a completely different person. I can’t live like this forever. I bought an oximeter to check my oxygen levels in my blood and I’m pretty sure I have GERD due to the indigestion I’ve been having on a daily basis now. I freak over every little thing I feel and have become a hypochondriac essentially. I don’t want to carry this burden anymore..."
"What do theses words mean to you (self acceptance, escapism , n flight or fight ) I’ve been thinking ,the root of my present life All the bad decisions I’ve made Beliefs I’ve had operate in some relation to these 3 areas.  Escapism: Videogames ,avoidant ,isolation,weed ,alcohol   Self acceptance: Impulsive behavior, the need to be distant ,unstable enjoyment  Fight or flight: bpd to me is a lack of logical understanding of ones flight or fight process’s  In my youth I picked up certain neg quality’s in an attempt to protect my self from having the FoF activated to much ie escapism and detachment  Just curious are these relative to any one else who experience “Bpd” or cptsd"
"I just want to feel ""normal"". I just went to visit my parents which is usually completely fine. I feel comfortable with my parents but they had friends over and I've made an effort to talk and be more social because their friends are wonderful people and very kind to me. I was making conversation along the lines of what my mom was saying about my job and such. Just making jokes and telling things about my job. Then my mom says ""Saridden92, calm down."" I didn't think I was being loud or over the top but now all I can think about is everything I said and everyone's reaction. Were they laughing with me or at me? I just want to cry."
"Have you lost a teacher to suicide? If you have, please talk to me about how it affected you. I'm a high school English teacher and I need the ammunition to fight my suicidal urges. There is no doubt in my mind that I would die for my kids. Living for them though...that is much harder. I love them so much, and they do know it. But I have no confidence whatsoever that they're actually learning anything in my class. Students have openly expressed that they love me, enjoy being in class, feel like they can tell me anything, feel like I'm the only teacher they have who understands their students. But none of that is going to help me keep my job. It's my first year at this school. Last year I wasn't invited back to the school where I'd been teaching, and I was advised that it was probably due to my large amount of absences. There's a high chance of that being the case this year, too. But there are some days that I just can not stand in front of my kids and pretend to be perfectly fine for six hours. I feel like I'm going to spend my career bouncing from one school to another, bonding with my students only to be ripped away from them. I'm not sure I'll survive until the summer."
"im so ready for it to be over i honestly fucking hate being alive, and its ""bad"" for me to kill myself. people are forcing me to be alive when i absolutely fucking hate it, im not happy and i dont know how to be. i do NOT want to be alive, why cant i just chose to die right now? why does everyone take all the sharp objects or lock away anything i can use to hurt myself. i do not enjoy being alive so why do i have to do it, why cant i just fucking die already. i want to take the easy route and just not be alive anymore"
"I don't think I'll make it to the end of the year Too tired of staying alive, too tired of being like this"
"New autism study, I have my own theory This research sort've supports my suspicion that autism is genetic, and the genes are expressed at higher rates in modern societies because the carriers of said genes are:  1) Congregating in high tech industrial areas like Silicon Valley, Alamogordo, Huntsville, etc.  2) And/or they are people that seek out other like-minded dweebs on the internet (think Furries, but ones that can do physics). It has never been more easy in the history of Earth to find someone else who likes the same geeky, esoteric stuff as you do.  3) Biology happens aka Star Trek and Chill  4) Super nerd babies  https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/article-abstract/2737582"
"The peice that's not broken. The worst part about these illnesses, especially bpd, is that little part of you that isn't broken, that little part of you who's just like everyone else. The part of you that still has those dreams, the part that's still alive. The worst part about these illnesses, especially bpd, is that little part of you that's just trying to grow, yet for some reason, your body will not allow it."
"How many Apple Geniuses does it take to change a light bulb? Just one, *but you need to make an appointment in advance*"
"the empty box (so you have come here - do not be turned off by certain words - you are here in this moment .  as i type right now and as you read right now - we are here together .  there is no space between time for these words like there is no space between the Love i hvae for You.  because you are a stranger to me only in body - but we are bonded through suffering - pain is universal. as i escaped my pain i feel this new love inside me - i want to share this love with you - please accept it)   There was a young man named Jo - he had many things in life for one so young. He had a a Good job which he worked hard at - he could find a woman to love but he was so busy . He had so many bills to pay and debts - He wanted the new car and the new house and he knew if he worked hard he could get them . it was true Jo had many things he wanted to do and did do on occasion - Yet Jo was unhappy - he had this weight on his shoulders - walked like he was pulling something behind .  One day he found himself strolling down a street connected to a park - he decided to go in . People passed and socialized around him yet his eyes focused somewhere else a man was sitting alone at a tree - a bit off away from everyone else .  Something inside Jo pulled him towards that man , he could not resist - As he came closer he noticed the man was in rags - his face bearded and rough and hair long but thinning - in his lap he held a little wooden Box - plain and brown and ordinary- the man looked up at him - his smile wide with many teeth missing - his eyes bright with what could only be Joy - contentedness - peace -  Jo thought - How can this be , he only has a little box why is he so happy?!- and so he asked the same directly to the old man in which the man replied ""it is in this box that which makes me happy and so I love the box as the precious thing that carries that which i only need to make happy...this box holds three precious things and you may have them if only you believe they are there ""  Jo was a bit confused - he did not understand the mans strange behavior - he doubted that three things that could make this man happy could fit inside that little plain box and so he questioned the man ""will you not let me see inside?""  So the man open the box towards Jo with a smile - but Jo had no such thing - for what Jo saw was an empty Box . he scoffed at the man ""You are Crazy - there is nothing inside! you have nothing but a box - you should not be happier than me!""  the man simple shook his head ""you are wrong my friend - there are indeed three things inside this box and i will prove it to you "" So he pointed up towards the top of the tree which was rustling gently with the breeze ""what moves those leaves up there ?""  ""Wind"" he nodded ""Yes but you cant see it - but you know it is there - because you can see it moving the leaves - you can feel it on your skin "" the old man closed the lid of his box and then pointed to a nearby mother on the path - crouching down and whispering sweet things to her precious child and he spoke ""tell me young man - Does that mother Love her child ?"" Jo responded ""of course - thats easy to see ""  the old man nodded ""yes but do you see Love or do you see the Actions of a mother Loving ? like the wind we see what it effects - so we know it is present . Love is something we all have around us - even a simple beggar like me has Love - I love and am Loved and I know this - like that child God loves me - a wreck as i am - i know this even though i cannot See Love i can Feel it so i am comforted - Love is one of the things inside this Box""  Jo looked down at the now closed box and back up to the man - something sparkled in those eyes - something deep and full of understanding - Jo looked down at the box picturing what love could look like inside - the Old Man spoke again  ""Look there!"" he pointed across the park to the street where a blind man was being led through traffic by a dog ""do you see that man ? tell me - do you think he is afraid ?"" ""no"" ""why not?"" Jo looked back to the man ""because he knows his dog is trained - that it will protect him and do its duty "" the man laughed ""yes and that is called faith! - that man has faith that his dog will Love and Protect him "" the man tapped the box ""I have faith inside this box - I know that i am loved and through that I am at peace - I have faith I will be Loved wherever i go - I have faith that even when i do wrong - i can confess with my heart and keep that Love always ""  Jo's legs started to shake - he sat on the ground in front of the man - his eyes focused on that box . he heard the old man ask "" Tell me one more thing my young friend - there are many types of names for Pain - have you experienced any?""  Jo winced at this - yes of course he has experienced pain - deep pains from a troubled past - he reached up to his heart and choked out ""yes"" The old man smiled and reached out resting a hand on his shoulder ""yes you have pained - like i have pained. like that child will and the blind man does - there are many names for pain but we are all the same - suffering people needing Love . so answer - do you want that child to pain ?  Jo shook his head ""no of course not - but i know in many forms it will "" ""yes and do you want that child to live ?"" Jo answered quickly again ""yes of course i do!""  the man gripped Jos shoulder comfortingly and spoke softly ""that is hope....that we know we all suffer - because we see it in ourselves. so we Love - so others can reach and take us for strength - and so that we may also see them . I have hope because i am loved - i have hope that others will learn of the Love that awaits them - Hope is the third thing inside this box .""  Jo sat quietly - he felt an invisible weight lift off his chest - the feeling almost brought him to tears . taking his hand off his shoulder the old man rested in on top of the box - his smile never left his face the love never left his eyes - he asked Jo ""would you like to see inside this box?""  Jo shook his head and spoke softly "" No I see how they effect you - so I believe that they are there ..""  with that the old man stood and left - leaving Jo and the empty Box behind."
"When is anger not normal? I'm 15 years old, and have struggled with anger  outbursts for as long as I can remember. I was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago, and just assumed these outbursts were entirely related to the emotional disregulation that comes with the disorder. But lately, as my anger has been getting worse, I've been starting to suspect that it could be a different issue altogether.  My outbursts typically consist of lots of yelling and crying, and an almost irresistible impulse to break anything near me (previously including stomping on sister's laptop and tearing up an entire book). I make so much noise that I am genuinely surprised that my neighbours have never called the cops on me, and I often end up hitting my head against a wall or something similar. I also will frequently end up hyperventilating briefly if my parents threaten me with some consequence. Essentially, I feel out of control.  I find it so difficult to prevent, and I always feel like an idiot about 30 mins afterwards. I know that Reddit isn't somewhere where I could accurately get diagnosed with anything, but I was wondering if this is something that others with ADHD can relate to, or if it's anything else.   Thanks in advance!"
Teaching MLK Jr I’m a primary teacher. We taught kids about MLK and watched a kid appropriate video about him. I have a parent that’s upset it was discussed. Thoughts?
Tula explosion So I went to the range today and fired a few boxes of tula 308 through my ar10. Everything was fine until one round makes thus huge BOOM and smoke comes pouring out of every hole in the gun (it did cycle though). I open it up and the entire upper and lower reciever is filled with smoke and the bolt is stripped of oil from the blast. I fired some other ammo after this and everything was fine.   1. What happened 2. Did this damage my gun 3. Fuck tula
"A boy and his dad are talking. ""Hey Dad.""  ""Yes son?""  ""Did you ever get shot in the army?""  He looks at his son in silence. Tears start to form in the Dad's eyes, and he quietly replies;  ""No, but I was shot in the leggy."""
"I am a mom and wife to two beautiful boys and husband. It all started with insomnia due to going back to school, getting covid and trying to homeschool. I got horrible anxiety and stopped sleeping so I tried several sleeping pills to no avail which led to a prescription of Lexapro and Temazepam. The Lexapro sent me into a spiral and after 5 weeks I had to stop it and have had horrible side effects and am now trying to taper off of Temazepam. I do t know which symptoms are from which drug withdrawal but I have reacted so horribly to theses drugs I dream of only having insomnia again. Week after week things never get better. I am anxious, suicidal, and have all kinds of strange symptoms that Dr.s do not understand or want to prescribe more drugs for. I am afraid the meds have caused permanent damage even in the short time I have taken them, and now its like being trapped in hell. I can barely care for myself let alone my kids. Suicide seems like the only way out. I cannot put them through this anymore. But I do not want to die. What would you do if you were literally going crazy, but cannot take meds, but also do not want to permanently damage your family either? Mom of 2 in bento withdrawal"
"Mental Health Issues     It’s heartbreaking for me to see my 27 year old son getting worse and more detached each passing year. . He only stays in his room most of the time, has lost friends and occasional girlfriend, doesn't work (he studies though, still undergrad) and the thing is he tends to blame me for everything.  He was diagnosed depressive in his teens, though other psychiatrist said bipolar (he was 13 or 14)… but I don’t think that´s an accurate diagnose anymore. I’m afraid he has a severe personality disorder, some OCD symptoms and even some paranoid thing.  But I am his mother, so I might be wrong. I would truly appreciate your take on his case.   He has a bad temper, and is usually anxious or tired. Besides, he's extremely picky with odors and food, especially those I eat, so we haven’t really been able to share a meal (never), which is really frustrating for me.  It  would seem like he's getting worse, but I guess he’s been kind of the same since adolescence...with ups and downs…though the short temper, irritability, stubbornness and the pickiness have been a constant since infancy. He's been medicated for some years (ssri, mood stabilizers, antipsychotics in slow doses) but not anymore. I know he suffers a lot but won't listen any advice. He only wants to be left alone, and if I suggest that he should get a job &amp; do some house chores or go to see a therapist or something instead of wasting his life in his room eating junk food at my expense, he asks me to wait and support him just a little more… but shows zero regard with my needs or feelings."
"Index fund help needed! Hi all. throwaway account here.  I'm hoping you can help me. I'm in my mid 40's. I haven't saved for retirement. Not smart. I know.  That said, i came into some money (via an inheritance - a house that got sold and split between a few of us) last year. It was about $30K.  I'm not savvy about finance but I did some research and bought into three index funds - SWPPX, SWTSX and SWDSX with Charles Schwab - $10K each. Obviously, they've borne the brunt of the down market we've had the past few weeks. But i need this to retire on and am putting in $300/month to the funds ($100/fund).  I'm OK with that part. Here's what threw me off. I was talking to a co-worker and while he's no financial consultant, he basically laughed at me when i told him what i put my money into. He said i've basically put my money into one fund, three times.  I didn't quite get what he meant and he explained that all the funds - SWTSX, SWPPX and SWDSX were essentially all the same and that I'm not diversified.  Have i made a mistake? Is he right? Should i close out a couple of these and put the money into other funds to diversify? I'm a bit overwhelmed by all this but this is what needs to last me a while. I have a couple of decades to retirement so i think i have time to recover but wanted to run this past this sub to get some ideas.  THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR READING!"
Experience purchasing guns from cheapassammo.com? I couldn't find any reference to this site in searching reddit and this sub. Or anywhere really. Maybe I didn't look hard enough but I was hoping someone here might have experience buying from this site.  I'm looking to get a Beretta Inox and they are the cheapest listing I found on wikiarms. Only the Italian version is available anywhere and I'm cool with that.  [https://www.cheapassammo.com/products/handguns-beretta-js92f520m-082442868851-2413](https://www.cheapassammo.com/products/handguns-beretta-js92f520m-082442868851-2413)  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks!
"Does being on multiple antidepressants make a big difference? I have been on 300mg of Wellbutrin XL since April of last year. My depressive episode was triggered because of family issues and I was crying so much (even in public because I just couldn’t control it) but it took me ages to realize what it was and to ask for help. The Wellbutrin helped a little bit and I tried to change my lifestyle to get better. Recently though, I’ve been getting worse and it started in the end of December but I didn’t notice until last month. I told my doctor and I was prescribed Zoloft 25mg but it made me super emotional, very jittery and inattentive. So its been my second day off Zoloft and still on Wellbutrin but I just feel hopeless about getting better. I know it’s irrational because I only tried one other drug but it feels like I’m not gonna better and I can’t stop crying about it. I’m seeing my doctor tomorrow to see if we should try any other meds.  So I was just wondering if anyone benefited greatly from taking more than one antidepressant? Or did therapy help more?"
"Sacrificed my life to save a loved one I’ve been diagnosed to have PTSD for almost a year now. Couple of years ago I broke up with my ex girl (no here’s number jokes included) and she started acting suicidal and self-harmfull. So I decided thats it’s my duty to help her through the hard times. I don’t want to go too much on details but after months of daily suicide threats and runs to her house to see if she had already swallowed the pills, I started to fall apart.  After that, It still took me around a month of panic attacks and puking in the schools’ bathroom to tell her that I couldn’t take it anymore. The worst part of the story is that now she’s fine and I’m struggling with PTSD, panic disorder and depression. I’ve been secretly ashamed of how ”easily” I got fucked up so bad. I always thought PTSD as a veterans and sexual-assault victims problem. Would be nice to hear if someone has PTSD because of similar abuse. I really hope that all of you get better."
"Can chest pain linger after a panic attack? Earlier today, I was washing dishes and when I turned around, a ginormous black wasp was hovering in front of me. I have a paralyzing fear of them and just about everything else that flies. I ran into my room and shut the door and hyperventilated for a bit until I calmed down.   I was feeling sharp pains in random spots on the left side of my chest, mainly above my heart, but I also felt it some on the right at the top. I figured it was from the tension I felt from the shock, but It’s been almost 12 hours and I’m just wondering if this is normal. I figured I’d know if I was having a heart attack by now. I’ve noticed my anxiety getting worse so I plan on bringing this up to my doctor, but I’m just curious for the time being"
"My situation is different I’m a parent of an adult child who is facing separation or possible divorce. I don’t know how to help them. I’m so emotional watching them endure this hardship. Any suggestions?  The emotional roller coaster they are on is frightening. They are angry, sad, hurt, embarrassed, etc. help"
"I need something Honestly its always been 2 steps forward, 5 steps back in my life. This is more than typical but this virus is going to make me lose my fucking shit. Last 4 months or so i was in and out of jobs trying to establish something, finally found something only for it to be shut down immediately due to this virus.  I feel so selfish for being so upset about this all but finally this thing hit me recently. I want everyone to be safe and healthy and i want everyone to be mentally stable. So many people are laid off, dying alone in hospitals, alone, ect.   Its very depressing and im havint a hard time thinking i can handle it. Im tired of living here where im at man, ive never been anywhere i wanted to be and its always been stressful, but now i have no choice. I need something. Im going to ruin relationships with my closest people.  Im going to ruin myself again. I can feel this again coming and its fucking scary. Fuck this shit dude i need someone or something.   I just need something.  idkzidkkzmtixneifidisieuciahehirjriruxijshdu isjrufixnne r rnrirjficifi  m j cry b bkocoxkeneuru bbwj"
"Sites/apps for phone or video therapy on demand? Does anyone know of any place I can get therapy on demand? That is, pay for a phone or online session pretty much instantly or at least same day?   I've read that there was an app called Basis for basically that but it seems defunct. I downloded Amwell and MDLive but they dont have anything same day. Larkr doesnt load right for me and, from the reviews, seems maybe not reliable. Betterhelp and Talkspace told menit would take a few days to get matched and started.  Prestoexperts.com seemed promising, but when I tried to pay it dropped the promised discount and a Psychic reading pop-up came up, so now I'm a little sketched out.  Has anyone had any luck just paying for someone to talk to for an hour or so? Seems like  in 2019 there should be something between crisis lines and scheduled appointments.  Thanks"
"I try. I fail. Its all worth nothing. There is really no point at all to trying to get out of this cycle. Only suffering and the awaiting pain of failure await. I try in vain to combat this feelings, but life just keeps letting me know it is all futile. This existence is agonizing. This life is daunting. I have nothing to hope for, nor nothing to keep me grounded here. it is amazing I am not suicidal yet. I have absolutely no idea why, when all I get is shit. Everyone around me has a plan or some semblance of happiness. Yeah they have have their problems, but they somehow go through life making it all look so easy. Meanwhile here I am, this sad and pathetic sack of useless flesh. Why the fuck am I still here? I am reverting back to my old, depressed self and I just do not care anymore."
"Hep C Phobia Sorry for the long rant in advanced, but I have a horrible phobia of catching hepatitis C. It's something I think about every single day. Sometimes my mind runs all over the place and convinces me that I might get it through touching public surfaces that contain microscopic amounts of blood and it may get in through an unseen tear in my skin. Usually I'm able to calm these thoughts, however tomorrow is thanksgiving, and it's one of the few times I see family members. A family member got Hep C from a bad blood transfusion in the 80s, and she was recently 'cured' of the disease.  What is making me scared of this situation is today at work I got a paper cut, on my right index finger. My OCD mind just cant stop thinking what if some of their blood infects me through this cut? It's just terrifying knowing all it takes is a microscopic amount, and the virus can live outside the body for 6 weeks from what I've researched. I don't want to seem like an asshole and just avoid family, and part of me tries to tell myself the odds of her microscopic amount of low viral load blood getting into my paper cut are astronomically low. However, I just can't stop thinking about it. Am I being ridiculous, or are my fears warranted?"
"Thinking of giving up. All my attempts fail to find one person. Why even try. I just want a chance. Hey. Lost all my closest people. Including my relationship. Can I just have one person to talk to constantly? Dont care about age just need a constant texter. Here is a bit about me.  Been needing constant texting for a while. I have people that come and go but looking for someone I can count on who can count on me!  I love music, I almost always have something playing! Id love to have a shared playlist with you!   Video and voice calls are important! I love talking :) If we could game that would be even better! I have the ps4 Switch and 3ds!  I have imessage discord and whatsapp!"
19F. Looking for a support group for ugly people that I can join if there is one Is there a support group for ugly people?
"How do I (20f) stop talking to someone (20somethingM) who just gave off a scary red flag without possibly making them mad? Basically we've been on three dates, he seemed cool at first and is really nice but my gut has always felt off about him. He's into really dark things, and I understand you can be into dark things without being a bad person and I don't think he's a bad person but this feels... weird. He changed his username on one of the social media sites we talk on to something about wanting to kill, and that was kinda it for me. I told myself and one of my best friends that I can't be around that. He doesn't give off any major red flags right now but I still don't really even know this person, I don't think he'd hurt me but my gut feels really off and I feel extremely uncomfortable. I don't think I'm just being paranoid, I always tell others to trust their gut and now I have to tell myself to do the same. I don't wanna ignore this, I KNOW it's just a username but it's a culmination of this and everything else doesn't feel right. It could just be nothing but I'm scared about the situations I could find myself in if it's not just nothing. He knows where I live and I really don't think he'd try anything but it still gives me major anxiety. What do I do? Do I just slowly stop talking to him? Make him think it was his choice to stop talking somehow? I still kinda like this guy but if I feel like I need to get out now, I need to listen to myself.   tl;dr Guy I went on a couple of dates with is into really dark stuff and just recently changed a username on a different site to something about wanting to kill. Gut feels pretty off about this guy, how do I stop talking to him without possibly making him mad?"
"What to do when you’re having an unproductive day Here’s a cheatsheet of what I find helps me when my ADHD gets the best of me and it’s not yet the end of the day.  **You’re probably emotional because you’re having an unproductive day, but remember you’re not your emotions**  As humans, we are capable of *metacognition*, meaning we can think about thinking, and have feelings about feelings. That means we can feel bad about feeling bad! If you want a vicious cycle, do this. Otherwise, do as Jeff Warren (a meditation teacher with ADHD!) suggests:  - Recognize your emotions as they happen. “Bob (you) feels angry.” “Bob feels tired.” - Accept your feelings. Don’t try to push them away or intensify them. Let them happen to you. - Investigate your feelings. What’s it like? Do you feel it in your body? If so, where and how? - Non-identification: Recognize that your feelings are not you and refrain from judging yourself for feeling- or not feeling something.  In short, RAIN. It’s surprising, because I get way calmer after I can observe my emotional states from a distance.  **You’re might be in pain. That’s okay**  You had an unproductive day. That can get anyone down. You’re probably a bit demoralized. Feeling a bit of pain. Unfortunately there’s no evidence that we can will ourselves or manipulate ourselves to *not* be in pain, if we are, and often by the very act of self manipulation, we amplify and focus the pain so it gets worse. It’s happening. That’s okay. That doesn’t stop you from being productive, if you simply let the feeling happen to you. Don’t try to numb this feeling. Don’t go on YouTube. Don’t complain- evidence shows that complaining makes things worse and you fixate on your pain even more.  **Have a preset routine**  When you feel lost or unproductive and your self control is low, try having a routine to fall back on. I personally get up (getting up is probably teh hardest part- i bet you’re sitting somehow. Baby steps. Look the only thing you have to do is stand up. Nothing fancy. Just stand up), make a cup of tea. And while drinking the tea at my desk (with my homework out), I set a kitchen timer (which makes an audible ticking noise- makes me feel productive somehow). After I perform such a routine, it’s almost like I “reset” mentally. The bad hyperfocus is broken and I’m somewhat in a neutral state of mind. Write this routine down and post it somewhere you can see it. When your willpower reserves are low, this is really no time to be making a bunch of decisions. Let your past self decide for you, and follow his/her instructions exactly. Don’t think. Just do.  **After you perform your routine, wipe the slate clean and restart**  Look at your schedule, if you have one. Now pretend not to see what you’ve written before, because you can’t follow it now. Instead, look at your remaining hours, and fit whatever you really need to do in those hours. That’s it. Get a new sheet of paper if you need to. Your old schedule is moot. Gone. Don’t agonize or blame yourself. There’s nothing there. It’s meaningless. Only your new schedule means anything.  If it’s the end of the day, just go to bed. Tomorrow’s a new day and you need your beauty sleep. A final tip:  **Remember, bad days happen regularly. it happens to everyone. It happened to you, and it WILL happen again, and again, on a regular interval and while good habits and being disciplined may make them less regular, there’s no preventing them completely. They don’t last forever and they’re NOT evidence that none of your efforts towards being more productive are working, because no matter how productive you are overall, bad days still happen. Things can be salvaged. Treat it as a law of nature, and don’t get upset. Roll with the punches and look forward to the good days.**"
"Stacking: Ephedrine and Modafinil? I used to EC stack and had great results with controlling my BED. I stopped stacking last summer thinking I could just control my hunger with Modafinil, but it isn't working. My binging has gotten so bad I've gained 20 pounds since December 1st. I'm so ashamed. I also haven't been purging, so it's just a disaster zone over here.     So I went to my Primary Care Provider to request Vyvanse instead and he refused, actually telling me that my boyfriend should just lock our food up at night instead @.@     I take Modafinil for my hypersomnia, but I was wondering if anyone had stacked ephedrine and modafinil together. I've been checking out other subreddits and they say it helps with energy, but I'm mainly wondering about appetite suppression.     Any experience on this front?"
"Need to word-vomit some stuff Mostly I just need to release some thoughts that have built up inside of me. I'm going through one of my ""episodes,"" but I feel like this episode is somehow worse or darker than ones I've had in the past. I apologize in advance if this post isn't put together well or doesn't make much sense.  I've been depressed and suicidal for at least half of my life. I'm a 23/female, but recall feelings of hopelessness, depression, self-hatred, and suicide since I was a pre-teen. I seem to go through episodes, like I mentioned above. I'll be fine for several months, maybe even a year, and then I'll go crashing back down to my pit of despair. Sometimes my episodes last for several months. I believe the episode I'm currently in has been going on for about 7 months, and it's been getting worse with each passing week.  I have absolutely no passion for anything anymore. I don't look forward to anything. I don't want to do anything. It's very difficult for me to be excited about anything. I constantly feel like there is a weight on me, that's suffocating me, and that there is absolutely no reason to exist right now. Thoughts of suicide have become frequent &amp; invasive. Every day, multiple times a day, I fantasize about suicide. I just want to die so that I can not think anymore. No more existence, no more meaninglessness.   I have tried to get help before. In 2015, I was regularly seeing a therapist, and was trying a few different medications. Ironically, this is also the year I did attempt suicide. I tried and failed. The medications didn't work, so I stopped. I stopped seeing my therapist because I have a full time job and can't exactly take time off every week to go. I'm too afraid of medications to try them again. After my failed suicide attempt (which no one knows about), I got a little better. Maybe it sparked my interest in life a little, since I was so close to death. I even attended a two week outpatient program for the depressed. 2016, I was certainly depressed again, but it was what I felt was ""manageable"" depression. September or so of 2017 comes around, and I've fallen right back to where I started.   This time, though, there is no ""passion"" to kill myself. Yes, I want to die, and I've given up caring for myself at all, but I don't have any strong feelings anymore. At least suicide was something that excited me back then. Now it's just a ""hurry up and get it over with"" sort of feeling.   I do have hobbies, but I don't particularly care about them anymore. I stream myself playing video games, and honestly it was something I had started to try and make friends and to distract myself, but most nights I don't even want to do it anymore. It's too much effort.   Anyways, thanks to anyone that took the time to read this. I wish I could say that I have some motivation to grt better, but I don't. This on/off of depression and suicidal thoughts has really worn on me over the years. It's exhausting. I'm 7 months in to my current episode, and I'm exhausted. I can't cry, I can't express this to anyone a healthy way. All I have it just a neutral existence, with no feeling, no happiness, no passion, no joy, until I finally end it."
"Can I lift to much? Been lifting for a couple years now, and am beginning to see some serious gains as far as weight pushed and muscle definition. I like to lift everyday if I can, and usually only take a day off if I am busy. Basically want to know if it's okay I lift everyday. I always lift as heavy as one can lift without a spotter with still being careful and lower the weight over the course of my workouts. Recently been feeling my bones are tender, but no real pain and it could honestly be due to some of the workouts I've been doing that I've recently been finding out aren't good for you (upright rows). I  hit my muscles in the following format  Chest  Shoulders  Arms  Back  Legs  My day off is usually inbetween  arms and back or legs and chest. Does this seem like a safe way to lift? If it helps I am 5'11  165 lbs and I regularly bench 165, squat 200, and deadlift 225"
"Zoloft, Xanax, OCD and memory Okay so I have been on 1mg per day Xanax and over 100 mg zoloft plus a TCA for the past 2 years, and I tend to quite frequently drink alcohol with it which I know ain't good. I post this here as r/OCD won't let me for some reason. The topic here is that the other day I basically played Fifa career mode on my ps4 and finished a game against a team (say Man City), then left while letting the ps4 on to go see my therapist. When I came back I accidentally unplugged the ps4, and upon turning it and the game on again, I went back to career mode and realised the game I had played was against another team. The thing here is I had the certainty I had left my ps4 with the man City game as the last. Now this freaks me out, and although I do know I have poor insight and I was feeling quite drowsy, I don't know how this could be. Could I have had a memory lapse or some kind of memory confusion? Anyone experienced something similar?"
"I dont know what to do. So about 10 years ago in my late teens i guess i fell into a depression and withdrew from society. Developed agoraphobia, ate myself to 550lbs and lost any and all skills. I started fighting back about 2 years ago. I'm down to 345, i get out of the house now. I've got the anxiety still and that plus the weight keeps me from getting a job. I don't want that anymore for myself.   I've been in therapy for the last year or so and after a 3 month shuffle because my last therapist moved i'll be seeing this new one for the second time next week. I want to be normal. I want to get a job and go to school. Idk what i want to do. Nothing appeals to me. Literally nothing. I have a hard time handling responsibility and pressure. saying hello to the person at the counter in the gym is a struggle. I'm on ativan I'm on Wellbutrin. I want a job I want to go to school and im finally at a weight where i can try to make these things a reality. To get off disability. I feel lost, overwhelmed and unstable and idk what to do with my life. I don't want to be an electrician, who the fuck wants to be that? What joy is there in that? I feel so dumb, I don't know how to even do taxes. I see friends talking about job stuff and it makes me depressed. The only thing i can say for certain is i like animals but i'm not smart enough for anything vet related. Needed to get that off my chest."
"Intersection Of Ability, Anxiety, Performance, And Pressure TL;DR: 1) do you get headaches from anxiety? 2) do you have an overactive imagination? Is your performance lower as a result? 3) if you've been able to deal, which medication or exercises are you using?   Hi, all! Haven't posted on Reddit in awhile, but I've been doing a lot of investigating of and reflecting on myself mechanically and perceptually––I'm really interested in finding out whether anyone has any similar experiences. The essence of what I'm getting into is a feeling of relative incompetence as a result of anxiety or a disorder causing it. I often feel as if my mind is a washing machine of ideas and impressions and I redundantly go over experiences and memories of days, weeks, and years past for the hundredth and even, maybe, millionth iteration––even as I understand myself more, I find I'm nevertheless susceptible to the same misconceptions and misapprehension. It's irritating as I know I can be better: I've experienced moments of relief and precision––however infrequently. And that relief is always bittersweet as I'm very aware of all the wasted energy and opportunities I've missed as I've suffered from and fought nobly against an often crippling and unwieldy perceptual mechanism. The key for me, for now, is a firm belief of a reasonable amount of the subsequent anxiety as a byproduct of a functional/mechanical issue. Maybe if I'm attentive and observe the cause/effect sequencing of influences, experiences, and thinking––I can at least minimize the collateral effect on my well-being and aptitude. Anyway, the following are a few questions I'd really appreciate insight on.  1) do you ever experience an ongoing tension headache––conceivably of the facial and scalp muscles and often associated with a vague numbness––over the course of an anxiety cycle? For me, as I relax (and I rarely do), I can feel my face. In other words, I feel as if I'm in my face insofar as I feel the contours instead of the aforementioned numbness. I would describe it as feeling as if I'm fitting into a really tight helmet.   2) I often find my anxiety is a byproduct of overactive imagining, whereon I filter everything through it initially, which ends up making me slower and magnifying ideas and sensory impressions I would otherwise process more efficiently. It's like having a lens on my mind's eye, if you will––or a cataract, even. Does anyone ever experience an anxiety-inducing perceptual bloating effect along the lines of an inflated balloon? The function of the inflation/magnification is making me behave and perform on a lesser level compared to that which I know myself, in moments of clarity and calm, as being capable of. The major issue is thinking others are of a greater perceptual awareness than they are and my insistence on attributing it even though, in reality, many are not adept enough with imagining to achieve or sustain the kind of perceptual discernment I'm alluding to. I'm also guilty of applying the halo effect on individuals who present as confident; I regularly find myself wondering how, unlike myself, they've managed to defuse all of the doubt and delusion in spite of themselves. How is it I've been unable to understand my interpretation as misguided and exaggerated, while others are going about their days in a well-adjusted manner? Eventually, I've realized they, in fact, never explore beyond themselves and face these concerns in the first place––nevertheless, I continue to associate them with an unusually high-level perceptual faculty I find overwhelming. It's almost as if everyone knows exactly the content of your thinking or else can intuit it.  3) If you have any of these experiences and have successfully (or even semi-successfully) mitigated them, which methods have you used? This may include a new paradigm/psychological scaffolding or else a combination of medication––I'm really interested in hearing whether anyone's made any progress in this as I've been recording scrupulous observations and attempting to figure it out for years now.  Sorry if my language isn't as precise as it could be––trying to arrange the wording for the first time. Anyway, I wasn't entirely sure whether my q's belong on r/Anxiety or elsewhere...and yet they certainly involve anxiety, so I thought it a reasonable place to begin. Thanks for any assistance!  (For context, my official diagnosis is Bipolar Schizoaffective and, while I've taken everything from Vyvanse to Trileptal in the past, I now take only Quetiapine [for sleep] and a small amount of Trazodone for excising the more extreme fringe of my anxious meandering.)"
Step sibling [13M] touching daughter [12F] inappropriately. Best course of action? A good friend of mine [45F] has a 12 year old daughter. The daughter stays a week at her place and a week at her father's place with his girlfriend of about two years. Girlfriend has a 13 year old son.   Daughter recently told her mom that the boy touched her thighs and her ass on one occasion. Apparently he's done that once to a girl at his school as well.   My friend doesn't know what to do. She will be seeing the father tomorrow to discuss it. Her daughter was hesitant to tell her because she doesn't want my friend to fight for full custody and make it hard to see her father.   How should my friend go about this?   Thank you!   Tl;dr: Daughter was touched inappropriately by her step-brother. What action should the mother take?
"Could use some Programming advice / Stalling on bench progress Hey all, I'm new to r/fitness and i'm about to hit my 2nd year of chasing dem gains and i'm about to go on a cut. Up until now I've been following a routine included below (barring different squat/dead variations every other month or two) that a friend made for me and I've gotten some okay progress with it - but I feel like my bench is stalling compared to my other lifts  &amp; that perhaps it's due to my current program/not enough benching. (At first I assumed it was due to my form but I've had multiple people give me the OK - but can follow up with a form check vid later if needed)   I'd appreciate any feedback to tweak &amp; make my program a little more efficient as a whole / any changes I could make to the program to work on increasing my bench. I'm still pretty much a novice and could totally use some tips. Thanks for reading!  M/27/6’1”/245lbs   \#'s for reps: Squat 405/ Flat Bench 185\~205/ Incline Bench 155/ DL 455/ OHP 155  ORM: Squat:425/Flat Bench 225/ Incline Bench 185/ DL 495 / OHP 185  **Monday – Quads &amp; Calves**   • Back Squats 3 x 6-8  • Hack Squats 3 x 10-15   • Front Squats 3 x 6-10   • Leg Press 3 x 10-15   • Seated Leg Extensions 3 x 10   • Seated Calf Raises 3 x 10-15   **Tuesday – Chest**   • Flat Bench Press 3 x 6-10   • Incline Bench Press 3 x 6-10   • Pec Dec Fly 3 x 10-12   • Cable Fly’s 3 x 12-15   Dips 3 x fail  **Wednesday –Back**   Lat Pulldowns 3x10  • Grip Pulldowns 3 x 10  • Pendlay Row 3 x 6-10   • T-Bar Rows 3 x 6-10   • One-Arm Dumbbell Rows 3 x 10  • Seated Cable Rows 3 x 10   • Deadlifts 3 x 5-8   Farmers Walk  **Thursday – Glutes, Hamstrings &amp; Calves**   • Lying Leg Curls 3 x 12-15   • Walking lunges 3 x 12-15 (per leg)   • Stiff Legged Deadlifts 3 x 10   • SSB Goodmorning 3x10   • BB Hip Thrusts 3x10   **Friday – Shoulders**   • Side Lateral DB Raises 3 x 10-12   • Front DB Raises 3 x 10-12   • Seated OHP 3 x 8-10   • Bent-Over Raises 3 x 10-12   • Reverse Pec Dec Fly’s 3 x 12-15    • BB Shrugs 3x10  **Saturday – Arms**   • Hammer curls 3 x 10   • EZ-Bar Curls 3 x 10   • Alternating Curls 3 x 10-15 (each arm)   • Rope Curls 3 x 12-15 (Superset)    • Close Grip Bench 3 x 10   • Cable 1 arm Tri Extension 3 x 10  • Close Grip Pulldowns 3 x 10  • Rope Pulldowns 3 x 10  &amp;#x200B;  **Sunday- Rest**"
"DAE get floaters, afterimages, lightheadedness etc with anxiety? Around 18 months ago I suddenly began wondering whether the random sharp pains I've had in my head for years are actually symptom of a brain tumour. Since then, I've developed super-awareness of floaters, halos around lights and after-images of almost anything. Reading text becomes quite hard on a screen as I get dark lines above and below. It's hard to not get distracted while watching TV as any time I move my eyes, I see an after-image of the TV to the side.  I'm wondering if anyone else is in the same boat and had similar. The sane part of my brain tells me that if this has all developed since I began worrying, then sure it's anxiety. But it's hard to imagine such physical symptoms aren't signal of something more serious.   I've also had lightheadedness which began in 2015, way before I began worrying about my health. I wonder whether that's just another symptom of anxiety, when maybe I was anxious about other things but just hadn't labeled it yet."
"Can you be manic with low self-esteem? (tw suicide) Hey everyone,  I just spent a night in a psychiatric assessment unit. Before admitting myself, I hadn’t slept in 90 hours, not because I couldn’t, but because I didn’t feel like I should. I wanted to keep “being productive” which is interesting because I was also too anxious to do things that I actually need to do (reply to emails and texts, do work, self-care and hygiene). This resulted in three terrible nights of organizing parts of my room, drinking, cutting, exercising, writing, and beating my Tetris high score. I created more art and wrote more than I ever have in such short period of time. I kept making plans with friends, setting goals, etc while fully conscious that I would be too emotionally drained to do any of them the next day, which just lead to disappointment. The whole time I was awake, I was surging with adrenaline and didn’t feel tired. I wasn’t getting hallucinations or feeling sluggish like most people report after not sleeping for 3 days. This was especially strange because I usually feel tired after a normal 8 hours of sleep due to low iron, plus I was only eating ~500 cal a day. Instead, I felt alert and was able to do math homework, write, go to work, etc. One weird thing was that my train of thought was totally off..one second I would think “I’m getting out of the bath in two minutes” and immediately follow that with “what am I doing in two minutes?” or I’d be surfing reddit, see a recommended website, open a new tab, then forget what I was doing.   The second night I was awake, I had this really strong urge to kill myself for about two hours (very different from my normal passive “I want to die” thoughts; this was like a primal irrational urge) and I then spent the rest of the day totally out of it, like my brain was in a different place. I immediately forgot the details of those two hours after they happened so I can’t even really describe it in detail.   This whole not-sleeping episode came right after a few months of feeling extremely depressed, unable to perform basic activities or care for myself, too anxious to go out or go to classes.  Anyways, all that to say that I met with a psychiatrist while I was in the unit, and she was considering the possibility of bipolar disorder (I am already diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and depression). Bipolar disorder is not something I have ever considered before. She was worried about putting me back on antidepressants in case it triggered more mania. What held her back was that generally you should feel an inflated self-esteem during manic episodes, but I didn’t feel that at all. I hated myself and felt more suicidal than ever before.   So my question is: is anyone here bipolar and feels low self-esteem during manic episodes? Is this possible? As a 17 year old going off to uni next year, GAD and depression are already enough to deal with…I truly hope I do not have BD. But if I do I’d like to figure it out ASAP so I can start getting it under control. Thanks for any help!"
"Depression sucks Everything was great. I was good at things. Never needed to make to much effort to have good grades.   Came college, had to study, but managed to finished it and oh it was a good time.   The came the masters and apparently that was the hardest shit I ever faced. I’m one month away to finish and my dissertation sucks, I finished it really badly cause it was needed and apparently I got where I am because I was not prepared   Fucking like didn’t prepare me, Did it?  I have no perspective of what I’m gonna do after it ends next month. I have no job, my scholarship is ending and I didn’t save any money because all I do is eat and I ain’t cheap.   I was supposed to find a doctorate programme to try and get in. I let all the selections pass. I’ve always had it easy and know I don’t know what to do.   How do I even get out of bed to do something useful? Exercise, find a job? I don’t feel the desire to do anything.   I just want smile again. Want to have goals. Learn to fucking fight for them. Do what it takes. Get a job and study like people that want to do it and doesn’t have money.   But I don’t know how."
"I just want to die I just want to die already, not really die just disappear or fall into sleep/coma forever. There's so much things you should do and i fail even if I try and even if I did everything perfectly got perfect grades and perfect well paying job or won lottery or anything I still would not be happy so what's the point of being alive if you can't be happy whatsoever. Just kill me already."
"How do you fight the sense of impending doom? I feel it all the time. It's usually mild, in the background, with some peaks of fear or even seconds of absolute panic, but it never goes away. It's the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner, but nothing ever happens.  I know it's pretty common. How do you deal with it?"
I'm writing a book About my experiences with bulimia. I need help coming up with a title for it though. The tone of what I have so far is a bit heavy but inspirational/a little poetic (haha). Any suggestions?? ❤️
What is the gender distrbution in mental hospitals? Does anyone know if females are more likely than men to be in a mental hospital?  What percentage of mental hospital patients are women?
"Work Anxiety Do you where mess something up at work, little or important, and just have crippling anxiety for the extended future? I messed something up that was pretty major right before the holidays and I just haven’t stopped being panicked about it since. I’ve had anxiety my whole life and I’ve gotten really good at coping, but now it’s just this crush of fear and worry and self loathing."
"I’m organising a lunch event and I’m not sure anyone will turn up I’m organising a lunch event in a restaurant in town as a part of my job as the winter break activity coordinator at university. This is going to be the last event before the break is finally over, so I understand that students are busy or they’re not interested in joining.  I’ve contacted multiple groupchats asking for students to let me know if they can make it to the lunch, but I’ve heard back only from 2 people. I’m just scared of turning up to my reservation and have no one there for the rest of the time.  I just want to fast forward until the event is over ://////"
Lonely I’m a freshman in college and I don’t really have friends. All I do is sit in my room and I rarely have motivation to do school work. I don’t want to make friends but I’m really lonely. Being social requires so much effort that I just don’t have. I can’t handle failure either because it makes me want to stay inside more and try less. I don’t know what response I am looking for.
Did you hear about the man who invented knock knock jokes?  He won the NoBell prize
"I shaved this morning in hopes it would help my mood, but all it did was remove a mask. For over a year I've been going to therapy, taking meds, reading self-help books and journaling, etc. It was only a few months ago that I finally started kicking my depression and winning against my poor self-esteem and whatnot. Depression kind of lingers in the background on some days. It's like you know it's still there but it doesn't come full force and so you're still able to manage it and keep it under control.   Lately it started lingering again, but instead of staying for a day or two and leaving again it has managed to stay with me for about a week. I'm starting to have a much harder time than normal keeping it under wraps  and in control within myself. I'm not sure why? I just started a new job that I really love after being unemployed for over six months to take care of myself. My eating habits are normal. I have a fair bit of stress but that's normal for me unfortunately. I sleep the same with the usual occasional nightmare and my daily routines haven't changed much.   This morning after waking up and feeling even worse than yesterday, I decided that maybe what I need is a bit of a fresh change. A change that I can control that is harmless but might be beneficial. So, I decided to shave my face. I haven't in a few months and I didn't see the harm in it so I did. I shaved and got a nice hot shower to start my morning off good. The thing is though I ended up really not liking the change. I do look younger now and a bit more cleaned up, but I never realized how much my facial hair hides my sadness and pain until now. I lived with my struggle for so long that I thought I was really good at hiding my feelings from others. Usually people only pick up on my thoughts from my body language, not my facial expressions only because I have a harder time covering that up.   My shaving shows off the color of my face much more. It shows that my smile and cheeks aren't as cheery as they seems. It makes the black and dullness under my eyes a lot more exposed. It also shows how creased everything is within my face. I'm not the only one who's noticed either. My wife has asked multiple times what is wrong with me this morning. I shake her off and say ""nothing missus"" because I don't really want to talk about much to her right now. I don't feel like anyone else gets it. My therapist definitely  does. She's amazing at her job so I have no hesitation to tell her anything because she always knows what to say. But my friends and family don't quite get it so well and it always frustrates me when they don't because I want them to, and they think they fully understand when they  don't.   I just wish I hadn't shaved. I miss my facial hair."
"So.. is therapy worth it... If I see a psychiatrist or a therapist.. and they put me on meds, does that really help? And I’m scared that I could have a psychotic mark on my record... How can I find out, by myself, what my mental health records look like? I’ve thought about seeing someone for years but I just barely had an incident in another state...  it’s complicated but I’m not supposed to have the record.. it should of been removed. how can I check, I don’t want to seek help if they’re going to mark me as psychotic."
"F-1 student, substantial presence test for more than 5 years So let's say I arrived to U.S. for undergraduate education on 8/20/2013  Now I'm filling a tax return form ([8843](https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-8843)) to IRS, the line 4b that says: ""Enter the number of days in 2018 you claim you can exclude for purposes of the substantial presence test""  I included days from beginning of 2018 till August 20th, which is 231 days.  This line is asking how many days I can exempt, the remaining days from August 20th till end of 2018, will count towards being a resident status, right?  I was in the U.S. the entirety of 2018, and then a few days in 2019. So I guess I'd also have to fill out a tax return form [8843](https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-8843) for 2019 in the future."
"Have you noticed any novel effects after starting medication? Currently on week five of meds and I've recently noticed that some of my coworkers are much taller/shorter in relation to myself than I previously realized.  It's entertaining in small ways; My apartment is designed for shorter tenants, which is why I can reach the top of the fridge at home and not at work. The only downside being that my cute coworker is suddenly six inches taller than me which is a little intimidating!  I'm doubtful that medication could affect spatial awareness but it's fun feeling like I'm replaying old levels in a video game and discovering it's different than I remember.   For those of you who are/have been medicated; **Have you experienced any changes outside of the expected attention/hyperactivity symptoms that surprised you?**"
"Anyone else envious about other people getting messages from their friends/partners? I feel so lonely that every time I am with someone who is using their phone, I look at the screen and try to see what people they are talking to. Messenger has that feature of multiple ""bubbles"" on the screen representing people you have conversations with. So I always look at the profile pictures, count them and in the end, I am jealous of them having friends."
"Hi guys, So I have been struggling with depression and PTSD since my father became an alcoholic. I had a pretty nice childhood, up until my dad got addicted and my mom got breastcancer twice. Luckily, she survived. My dad was a top banker, very successful, but his addiction got the best of him. He did absolutely horrible things. &amp;#x200B;So when I started my student time, I got really depressed. I could not make choices. I lived at home, being deeply depressed, whilst all of my friends moved out and I felt like I was so late with that. My friends convinced me to move in with them, but I said no, and now I regret that. Eventually I moved out and I had a good time, but I feel like I could have made so much more of my student time. And I did not do that. I know it was because I was struggling with PTSD, but I just do not understand myself and I feel like I have lost myself years ago, due to my traumatic childhood. &amp;#x200B;Apart from that, I told a lot of people the bad things my dad did, but I now also see that he is a good man. For some reason, I want to go back and tell people how good of a man he is and what he has achieved in his life- apart from his alcoholism. But I feel like people do not really care and this has more to do with my own process of moving on? &amp;#x200B;Anyways, I hope there is someone that can help me with some comforting words! Conclusion, I feel like I missed out on my most fun years due to depression. The past and my choices keep haunting me."
"Endless responsibility causes anxiety My senior year has been a nightmare because of the endless responsibility. Every waking moment, I'm overwhelmed by the amount of daily homework and extra classes. It never stops. Assignments after assignments, tests after tests, classes after classes, not to mention having to maintain friendships and looking after my own self. I can't possibly do that much. I'm physically exhausted but I can't fall asleep knowing that there are unfinished tasks. I'm so so so anxious. I'm sorry if this sounds confusing but I feel like I'm losing my mind right now."
"Supplements aren't working for me and I am wondering if it's a scam. My psychologist put me on supplements. Her claim was that I would see results insofar as my rages and insomnia go. Now initially I thought they were working (I was less rage-y), but now that I'm back to work I'm having the same issues (rage, talking too much, etc.), and in fact the insomnia never improved. I've been taking them since November.  I feel like it's a scam, but when I look up reviews for the products literally every review is positive, like, overwhelmingly positive.  So now I'm just wondering if I'm crazy, or if these supplements are complete BS, or if maybe I'm the rare lucky one where no improvement shows. Also, they give me a pretty sour stomach and kill my appetite...I'm debating whether to continue taking them, because they're extremely expensive.  I'd like to hear others' experience with these.  Here's a link to the product: https://www.hardynutritionals.com/products/28-daily-essential-nutrients"
"Low performing school Good morning/afternoon all,  I’ve been put into such a position that I’m considering a school that gets a 3/10 on the national database for schools.  I will be contacting the school/principal for a school tour.  I’m concerned about the schools performance but in reality I may not have much choice but to send my child here.  What questions would deem pertinent to the situation(me as a father trying to learn about why the school is rated so low)?  I had planned on asking why the school is rated so low and what they plan on doing to raise that...but what else would you ask?"
"Is there any benefits of deep breathing as often as possible? I've noticed that I am more aware of what I am doing when I try deep breathing. For example it helps me with not accidentally start to touch my dick when I am doing NoFap. I relapsed too many times because of doing this without thinking, but deep breathing makes me more aware and helps me to have more self-control. Is it a placebo-effect or is deep breathing something that really helps with such things?"
"Does anyone else just sit and think about it all? Sometimes without even meaning to, I will just sit here and think about the accumulative shit that went on in my childhood that has resulted in this depressed mess. Like, it isn't one thing, but rather a whole string of things that eventually connect when you think back on it. Sometimes it keeps me up at night (posting this at 5:05 am right now)"
"Relationship with young kids after Moving Out I live in USA. My (34F) wife (36F) emotionally and physically stepped out of the bounds of our relationship. I felt deceived, hurt, and abandoned. I moved out after several fights and conversations about what to do  next.  We have two young kids, 6 and 3, and from my perspective they seem to favor my STBXW.   The hard part for me is I have always been the care taker. I am the primary parent: I get called to pick up when they are sick, I go to the school concerts, I arrange and take them to all of their doctor appointments, I pick up from school/daycare each day, etc. My STBXW and I are trying a 50/50 custody because I know the kids need her as much as they need me.  Anyway, I am struggling. I only moved out 2 weeks ago, but my kids prefer my STBXW house and being with her over me. I am sure it is because all of this change is so different, but I feel so gutted and in pain when they choose her over me.  How have other people dealt with the children preffering one parent over the other? How do you get over the pain of not seeing your children? Does it get better?"
"Tomorrow I'm going to play my switch on the coach back to university It probably sounds stupid but i get really bad anxiety doing anything out in public, constantly worried that someones watching/ judging me. Normally on the coach to and from uni I do nothing, check my phone constantly, and listen to music. For 8 hours. I recently picked up a switch since I had some money saved and I honestly love it, its amazing how I can either play it on my TV or as a handheld. So I decided that tomorrow I'm going to try to get over my fears and play on my switch during my coach ride tomorrow. I know the battery won't last the entire 8 hour journey, probably not even 4 hours. But it'll give me something else to do than staring out the window listening to music. I just need to try to ignore my fears and keep thinking that I shouldnt care about what strangers on the coach think of me. My only worry is if the coach is full and I have to sit next to someone, I know my anxiety will flare up and I'll constantly be worrying that they're looking over my shoulder.  Wish me luck."
"DAE find alcohol exacerbates social anxiety? The whole atmosphere of drinking and being around other drunk people, the unpredictability of what others will think, say and do because of alcohol is enough to stir my social anxiety. I've heard alcohol being used as a crutch by other sufferers as it puts them at ease for short term but for me it's the complete opposite. Thoughts?"
"Side effects of anti-depressants Hey guys, I'm new here, and not a native english speaker, so forgive me for the grammar.  I've been taking anti depressants for a year now, and they help a lot, i've been able to go to work again and function like a somewhat normal human.  The problem is, they made me put on a load of weight. This has damaged my already fragile self image. I've already gone from working out sometimes to working out 2 times a week at least.   My question for you is, how do you deal with the side effects of your meds?"
"Not used to this... I haven’t really experienced much anxiety during my lows before, and when I’ve struggled with depression it’s mostly just been that heavy, dark misery and emptiness  that I’m sure some, if not most of you can relate to. But this time it’s much, much worse than ever. I graduated last summer and pretty soon after found a job. It’s a job that takes a lot of physical effort and it requires you to take great amounts of responsibility (or atleast for me it feels like ”great amounts”, I have pretty bad ADHD). Now, with my serious lack of self discipline I struggle big time trying to take the responsibility that I need to, but it just doesn’t seem to be enough. I won’t go into any specific details, but this has put me in a position where I’m on the verge of losing my job.   I’ve been feeling my depression coming back, but this time there’s so much anxiety, and I’m not used to that so I don’t know how to handle it. And this leads me to make stupid things such as calling in sick to work when actually, I just can’t bring myself to get out of bed out of fear that I will just start balling my eyes out and collapse into a pile at work. I constantly feel the need to cry but sometimes I can’t. Every week it gets worse, and today I thought about suicide for the first time in 4 years, and last time I thought about it I ended up trying to kill myself.     I just needed to get this off my chest"
Preventing Xanax Addiction Hi everyone. I have really bad anxiety. Anxiety to the point of having panic attacks that can last for hours. I can't hold a job everything is just bleh.  It's got so bad that my psychiatrist is thinking of prescribing Xanax however I heard it's highly addictive.  Does anyone have any tips on how to prevent getting addicted to this medication? Like how many times max you should take it a week? These might be really stupid questions so I apologize haha.
back on the train after a few weeks of binging. I've fucking reigned my dumbass in. redownloaded all my thinspo.  I just hate the first few days of getting back into restriction. but after 2-3 days its natural. ugh fuck.  I hate having bpd on top of this because my emotions won't stop
"Anxiety filled day and night because of court tomorrow . I've never gone to court over a ticket so today will be my first time . I have to wake up in 6 hours but I can't sleep , i'm hoping letting it all out on here will give me some peace of mind . Don't really have anyone to talk to about it and i'll be going by myself . I'm 17 years old and am absolutely terrified , I tend to do good under pressure but not when I feel like i'm gonna puke out my innards . I try to tell myself it's just a traffic ticket but it's like nothing I say to myself calms me down . I asked a lot of people if they could go with me , mostly family and everyone basically told me they had better things to do so that's the cherry on top of the shit pile I guess .. Well anyways thanks for reading , wish me luck tomorrow . I'm gonna need it ."
"Feeling lonely because my roommate won’t talk to me I thought that sharing an apartment with someone was a good way to make friends, but I’ve had two roommates so far that just wouldn’t talk to me. There’s the odd asking me a question or telling me some important information they think I should know, but we don’t have friendly chats just for the sake of it.  And I know this person is friendly because she spends most of her time on the phone so it’s just depressing how she won’t talk to me. She recently lost a friend so she’s going through a long period of mourning. I try to talk to her and she shows no enthusiasm at all. She often ignores me and once even grunted in reply.  But she’s only here for two more weeks then I have to find someone else and now I’m nervous about whether the next person will be the same.  I’m autistic and I really like developing my social skills and I feel like the lack of conversation I have with my roommate has regressed the skills I built. I’ve also got less confidence because well she’s bossy and moody as well.  I just want a roommate I can chat to, to share dumb jokes and memes with and more importantly to make fun of people we watch on TV.   Also, I know it’s not her fault. She’s going through a tough time. But I can’t ignore what her lack of communication is doing to me."
Emotional detachment due to prescription I have suffered from pretty severe ADHD all of my life and was diagnosed at 12 or 13. I'm 17 now and I take 50mg vyvance in the morning and 10mg adderall at 4:00 pm. I use it consistently and it is rare for me to miss my dosing. Over spring break i decided to lay off of my meds and the results were not what i was expecting. The weirdest thing I experienced was the feeling of being completely sober. Taking a break made me think about my mindset. It almost felt as if I was under the influence of something (obviously not super intense) but I could definitely feel a shift in my outlook on everyday life. The most significant psychological effect was a huge increase in the intensity of emotion. While sober I found myself easily becoming overwhelmingly happy or sad. Not to mention the intensity of music and how much it could effect my emotional mindset. I realize that the use of my prescriptions had numbed my emotional awareness and when off of the stimulants my emotions could sometimes become slightly overwhelming. Obviously I still feel emotion when on my prescriptions but not to the degree my sober mind had felt them. Does anyone else have experiences suffering from this severe emotional detachment?
Is it a mental illness to want to kill yourself or is it just that there are mental illnesses that have suicidal thoughts and emotions as symptoms? Asking because i know i dont have a mental illness i just want to die.
Inattentive type pianists in the house? I'm at the beginner-immediate level and I'd love to pick your brain about a few things. Please PM me if you wouldn't mind a quick chat. Thank you!
"Another vent, yay. Hey guys, kinda seems like I'll be posting these every few months, I guess. I'm pretty sure I'm just posting the same things worded differently(or will be, if I keep posting every few months), but I have pent up enough anger that I keep almost losing control and trying to punch stuff, so I have to vent, probably.    I am fucking tired of my dad always assuming I'm thinking of video games 24/7, and uses it as reason for all of my ADHD symptoms, I don't even play as much as I used to!  I am fucking tired of my dad *joking* about my symptoms, I know they're just jokes but it's getting so fucking frustrating that he doesn't even realise I can't help it.    I am tired of my mom pretty much ignoring all of my shit until I try to complain, and then try to convince me I just have to try harder.  I am fucking tired of my mom taking my phone away just because she thinks it helps. It fucking doesn't.    I am tired of my sister wanting to help me with my ADHD, but treats me like I'm just a lazy piece of shit that needs to try harder.      Yeah, if I write any more stuff, I'd just end up rewriting my last few posts on this sub, so I just won't."
"scared my sa will be worse when i go back to school. right now i’m not really talking to anyone. i talk to my family a couple times a day, but i’m not that close to the family that i live with so i don’t have much to talk about (i’m very close with my mum and my sister, but i live with my dad and stepfamily) and since i’m not talking to my friends everyday like i usually do (i’m too nervous to message them), so i’m just not really talking.   so i’m a bit worried that my sa will be even worse than it is now when i go back to school. like tuesday i had a panic attack because my dad told me to email a teacher on how to submit the work we’ve been set (i didn’t end up asking) and things like that don’t usually happen. we’re probably going to be off until september and we’ve not even been off a week yet so i think it’s going to only go downhill from here."
"A man walks into a butcher shop... A man walks into a butcher shop and asks if the butcher has any duck meat.   The butcher says of course he does, but can only give it on a special condition.   ""You can only get the duck if you stab yourself with a butcher's knife"" the butcher tells the man.  The man was confused and Immediately demands an explanation for the absurd rule.  The butcher simply points to a sign located outside his store and it clearly reads  ""No Harm No Fowl"""
"Hi  Hi male in 30s with aspergers. Not working at mo. Interests are gym,netflix,memes,books,music. Can talk about anything."
What’s the hardest food to stop eating? Cold turkey
Burnt out Already I’m not even 90 days in and I’m already not coming back to this school next year. The moral sucks and the support sucks. I knew going inner city would be tough but it’s year one for me and I leave miserable daily. Admin blames me for problem behavior in my classroom. It’s terrible. I’m a special ed teacher coteaching with 8/18 high need.   How do you keep your spirits high when everything around you is terrible?
"Just Outrage What is with all of these know-it- all, judgmental, ignorant -ass motherfuckers that think that so many suicide cases are ""cries for attention""?  &amp;#x200B;  God damn it. Really.  &amp;#x200B;  When people don't understand something, they just try to judge it in any way they can to write it off  &amp;#x200B;  It's gross. I'm just thinking about how fucked up that is. I hate hearing that, especially when suicide is such a high cause of deaths.What the fuck?   &amp;#x200B;  This post isn't actually asking for an answer. I just wanted to share my outrage.  &amp;#x200B;  People who are becoming or are suicidal are in all likeliness, already somewhat isolated, and making their hard time just a ""cry for attention"",  makes them:  1. more alone 2. feel even shittier about being suicidal 3. more untrusting towards anyone that could actually be there for them  &amp;#x200B;  Fuck those know-it-all, ""I need other people to be shit"" , ignorant-ass, motherfuckers  &amp;#x200B;  Leave folks the fuck alone.  You don't know shit about people and what they need.  Fucking gross"
"What do you are some things that people should stop comparing autism to? In case if people are not aware of this, there have been people online comparing autism to all sorts of stupid things like movies, TV shows, video games, fictional characters, celebrities, particular groups of people, derogatory memes, other different disorders/diseases, etc. and it really is getting old and annoying fast. I just hate how people assume that all autistic people are mentally delayed (autism isn't even a mental illness. It's a communication disorder. Just thought I'd point that out) and that they have to compare it to all different kinds of crap."
Having a crush when you’re depressed is fuckin horrible lol Especially when you sit right next to them and have to see them everyday smh kill me
"Need help I've had brain fog for a while, and it's been getting better or I'm just getting used to it but the other day, you know how if you stand up too fast you get dizzy, well I fainted and fell on my ass, the bad thing was that instead of just feeling lightheaded I had the most disturbing feeling ever, I can only explain it as when I smoked once and had a bad high, it was existential horror, it felt so wierd and there was a loud ringing in my ear, if anyone knows this feeling then they know how much it can scar you, please explain what happened"
"His birthday is coming up July of last year I lost the love of my life. Someone I connected with like I haven't with anyone else. He passed away from a suicide. However, it was said it could have been an accident. I've lost a father and a sibling. Losing a lover is a different feeling. It's different because this is a person you've chose to spend your life with. Chose to build a life with and in a matter of seconds, they are gone. There are times we all receive messages and stuff but don't return them until the next day or whenever they can. I unfortunately did not respond quick nor in a timely manner. If I did, he may still be here. If I did, someone would still have their son, brother, grandson, nephew, uncle, boss, friend, enemy. Maybe I would still have a piece of my heart. I can't listen to a song without crying. I can't function without thinking how much i want to end it all and be with him. His birthday is the 18 of February. And he isn't here to celebrate it. I don't want to fall apart. I want to be strong and handle it head on. It's so hard though. Only time will tell.  It's hard."
"Thought long a hard on killing myself today. Instead I decided to write a book. I’ve been so tired recently, no amount of sleep has helped. I’ve been trying to keep up with my college classes but I failed one of my test yesterday. I’m disappointed in myself and stressed out. After weeks of depression and no longer being able to afford my counselor, I thought long and hard about killing myself. I’ve thought of killing myself last year but back then I was so afraid of dying I couldn’t do it. Now I’m no longer afraid, I’ve come to terms with my mortality and I’m not as afraid of dying as I used to be.  Well tonight when I thought about how to kill myself, I decided to instead talk to my mother. We had a long conversation over what I want to do with my life. She gave me advice on what she thought I should do to motivate myself and I decided to follow through with it. It’s always been my dream to write a book so today I took my first steps.  I won’t kill myself until this book is finished and who knows? Maybe I’ll be better by then.  Wish me luck, Reddit. I’m going to need it."
"Walking down crowded narrow hallways sucks I'm afraid that people might feel like i'm following them if i walk too fast and stay close so i either have to walk as slow as possible to be a set distance away,or i got to walk super fast to make it pass the crowded and sometimes i feel like i look like an asshole for cutting about.  Anyone else feels this? Sorry about wording it so badly,cant seem to properly phrase out what i thought."
"I’ve come to terms. After years of running away from getting help, and refusing to listen to family members and friends, I finally made an appointment with a psychiatrist. I think I’m ready to be healthy."
"I’m not sad anymore but I’m sleeping a lot? Title says it all honestly, I enjoy sleeping way too much lmao. I wanna stop the habit but I’m so drowsy like all the time! If anyone has any suggestions I’d take em lmao but I’m not trying to do caffeine or anything that would make me crash hard after."
Antidepressants I was diagnosed with depression a few months back and originally said no to antidepressants.  I've started feeling more depressed and I'm considering taking them. I've had people say alot of bad things to me about them. Stuff along the lines of just making things worse.  Can any of you talk from experience about antidepressants actually helping?
How long has your change oil light been on? Mine has been on for three months. Not a record though.
so yeah I'm physically and emotionally tired. What happens when you're at peace with the end? Does it make you a bad person for saying.... I have given enough and I'm ready to go home?
"Does it get worse before it gets better? I started therapy a few months ago, which is where I started to unravel all the threads and realize I have BPD. Overall, I feel like the therapy is helping, even if (or perhaps because) it forces me to look at myself in an honest light and uncover uncomfortable truths.   And yet...now that I’m finally able to step back and observe how I act, I’m so unhappy. I feel so flawed because those flaws - my emotional lability, shaky sense of self, impulsivity, overwhelming need for approval and affirmation, intense anxieties and phobias - are all I see. My husband and I communicate well and I logically know he’s happy in the marriage, but I don’t see how he could be. I’m worried that he’s secretly unhappy and growing away from me because I’m such an exhausting jerk.   DAE find that therapy has made things worse before making them better? I know this is just part of the journey and the process but Jesus Christ."
"It's my birthday and I'm bed crying I'm just sad I guess, I dont like where I live I dont like my family besides the ones who live to far away, I hate my job, I dont have many friends, and I'm to poor to move out of my moms house, my anxiety about where I am in life has never been worse.  Im tired of acting fake and like im so happy to see everyone around me, I want some real genuine people in my life but how am I suppose to find genuine people when all I do is lie to my self, I wish I could tell people like it is and not become the rude asshole who only cares about him self, I wish I could smile and not feel like its forced, I wish I didn't have to see my family belittle me because I have to work and cant go on vacation, I wish I could pack my car and drive away from it all, I hate it all.  I keep telling my self to breath and relax but I cant do it, i cant even be happy on my own fucking birthday."
"Day -2 weight loss Wanted to put down in writing my plans as it seems to help some. I am a 337 lb male that is 5'9"". Have always had a bad relationship with food as I always overeat. I do not feel satisfied until my stomach is uncomfortable and I kind of enjoy that feeling. I say it is day -2 because I don't plan on making a change until Thursday. Thursday will mark day 90 of my sobriety as I am also an alcoholic. I used energy drinks and soda to help myself stay sober. So, the change Thursday will be to move to coffee and completely cut out the energy drinks/soda and also candy bars. I tend to get a candy bar with my energy drink. My lunch is usually a monster energy drink and a twix bar, lol so healthy. I know a lot of people that have eating disorders feel shame and such after they've binged. For me, I don't really feel shame about that but I do feel embarrassed to be so big and sometimes feel like people are looking at me and judging. I don't like feeling uncomfortable in my clothes and I would love to one day be able to go to some of the nice stores in the mall and be able to buy something that fits. I have to buy all my clothes online and they are all kind of shitty looking in my opinion. Things like getting out of my car or using a restroom can be difficult which seems ridiculous. I've tried to lose weight multiple times with some success up front at least, but always fall back into my old ways. This time, the overall plan is to not cut out any type of food except stuff that really is 100% junk. Just going to cut back on portion sizes of everything. The one thing I have going for me this attempt that has never been the case in the past is that I will be sober. I'm hoping that makes a big difference. Anyways, good luck to everyone!"
"How do you motivate yourself? A couple years back I used to be able to get out of bed and get to work with my school work and I actually felt like I had a purpose that I have to fulfill. I would get up excited early in the morning, many times, with 5 or 6 hours of sleep. Somehow, I had the energy and willpower to work towards my goals.  Now, I just feel like a shell of the person I was. I no longer have the same energy to pursue my passions. My hobbies no longer motivate me. I sleep for 8-9 hours and still don’t want to get out of bed. I wish I could stay asleep forever. And also I am underperforming in school because I don’t feel like doing anything anymore but just lie around on my bed.   I look at my friends and they are moving along fine with life while I feel like I have stagnated and fallen far behind. I tell myself I’m gonna change but it never happens. I think tomorrow I’ll feel better and do what I need to do. But the next day always feels the same. It’s the same sense of hopelessness and emptiness that has plagued my existence for what seems like eternity now.   How do I motivate myself to become the person that I once was again? How do I become a better person? How do you guys cope with this?"
"What do you want from me My whole life I've been told I don't belong into this world. Peers, teachers, family told me every day that there was something wrong with me and that I needed to be different.   And I tried but I never could, I have social anxiety (the ugly kind where you're super socially awkward) and it's very severe. Everyday life is a challenge for me. And they keep on telling me I don't belong here.   So I decided, alright, I'm going to end my life. From a rational standpoint. I tried last year and suddenly everyone was all over me like OH MY GOD WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT and it's just like what do you want from me? If I'm not made for this world, why do you force me to stay? I'll never be okay here or fit in and I'm so tired of trying."
"A few questions about body fat percents. I’ve been exercising for weight loss for around 6 weeks now and have been satisfied with the results.   I’ve been lifting weights constistantly and walking or jogging everyday for at least 3 miles.  For two months before the workout plan I wasn’t exercising much, and before that it was weights only, with a few soccer games here and there.   I’m estimating that I’m currently burning between 2500-3000 calories a day and have been consuming 1500-2000 a day.   I’ve gone from 165lbs to almost 150 at 5’8.   I expected to crash and feel weak but it hasn’t been the case at all.  My strength has returned and actually improved quite a bit from where it was a few months ago.  I feel fine and my muscles are showing through quite a bit.   I’m guessing I’m somewhere around 15 percent body fat, judging from pictures on google of others at that level.  (Assuming the pictures posted are accurate.)    My question is, if I keep up this routine how much fat can I lose before I start to see muscle or strength loss?  I’d like 10-12 percent body fat but everything I’ve been reading talks about how strict of a diet you need to get to 10 percent.   My diet isn’t that strict at all, except for no more than 2,000 calories a day.   I don’t eat garbage, but I don’t eat a lot of fruits, vegetables and very lean proteins either.  My typical diet has been bagels with hardly any butter, yogurt, rice cakes, multigrain Cheerios, beef jerky, pita chips, carrots, subway or Quiznos, and cheese.  I usually drink water or an occasional Gatorade and protein shakes with water.  If I keep up this diet what can I expect in 6 weeks.   Lose 15 more pounds and be really lean?   I’m assuming it won’t work like that much longer.   I really don’t care to eat a crazy strict diet, I’m just wondering where my current calorie deficit diet method will start to fail with regard to burning strictly fat.   Thanks for any help."
"Ideas for master's degree I am a licensed teacher. I have my undergrad in education. My state requires teachers to have a masters with in 5 years with a one time extension. The trouble is I have been having a hard time getting a decent teaching job. I worked for a couple of years in an urban district with bad administration. It was terrible, I was assaulted, harassed, spit on and that was just the 5th graders. I left that school and have not been able to find a teaching position in a desirable district, partly because I don't have a master's degree partly because it is hard to get into these districts. I also had a hard time getting ANY position, probably due to lack of industry specific training. I currently work as a teachers aide, which is below my skill set.   I don't need an M. ED just a masters in something that could cross over. Maybe instructional design, library science, history, etc.  My goal is to further my education so I am most marketable to employers. What  masters programs does pf suggest looking into?"
"Withdrawing from college I’m in the middle of a deep depressive episode, falling far behind in my classes.  I spent Sunday at my parents’ house an hour away from school but just never found the energy to crawl out of bed and get myself back there. I haven’t had the strength to leave bed for anything more than a piss in the past 4 days. Each morning I thought “today I’ll try to bathe, eat, go back to school and catch up.” never happened. still hasn’t.  My mom and I just had a conversation about withdrawing and taking the semester off. I am incredibly privileged to have a supportive mother in this case. But when I first began college, I withdrew from my first university because my roommate suddenly died of a seizure. I took that semester to recover and re-apply to my current university. I’ve been getting good grades and on track to graduate by next spring... but I’ve hit a wall.   I don’t know how to make this decision. I feel like Im in no state to be able to focus on school right now. But the first semester I withdrew I felt miserable, isolated, and without a routine to keep me sane.   If I withdraw then I want to take the time to focus on therapy and addressing the trauma of my roommate’s death, brother’s drug addiction, etc. But I also don’t want to get sucked even deeper into the trauma and forget my place in the present and future.  I just don’t know. Have any of you withdrawn? more than once even? I feel so disappointed in myself. I feel so stuck."
"Weird experience meeting meditation master (and skepticism) TL;DR - Met advances meditator and felt strong 'energy' despite doubting such experiences- any explanations  Sorry for a long post- I think some level of elaboration is helpful.  I've been meditating for nearly 7 years, hardly missing a day (and quite a lot as I enjoy it), but started for secular mood improvement, having been atheist since 14.  Last September, I found out my town had a Hindu temple (very unexpected for my area) so I had a look round and the people in there handed me a leaflet saying that their second most senior swami was visiting from India a few days after, so out of curiosity, went along to see him (though still largely skeptical, I'd had some meditation experiences, or even just positive feelings around some long-term meditators, to think it was at least worth investigating for an hour or so).  All the audience was sat down before any monastic entered the room, and having only briefly scanned the leaflet, wouldn't necessarily know the swami from appearance alone. One monk entered and I didn't think it was him, then a second monk entered and, as well as I can describe it, it felt like he had a kind of 'light' about him (which wasn't just from any lights being turned up!) and after a kind of shock and recognition that something wasn't normal and a second or so gap, it felt like a 'bubble' of energy had moved towards me. For clarification, there wasn't any visual perception of a bubble, and 'energy' isn't an ideal term, but that does seem the best way of describing the feeling of a kind of invisible 'force field' coming towards me.   After feeling swept into this 'bubble', it felt like there was a flow all through me which kept increasing in intensity, before reaching a level where the flow couldn't really increase any more and instead felt more like a slight feeling of being raised up/lightness in the body. The person next to me asked me something and I remember being unusually smiley/enthusiastic in replying. A third monk entered after him and I didn't really feel much different.  I remember thinking this was the kind of experience that shouldn't be happening, but as the second monk (who was the swami mentioned in the leaflet) began his talk and my experience settled down, I thought it could be some kind of trick of the mind, though it seemed like a feeling of lightness left a bit after he left the room for a bit (though I couldn't be certain of that experience).   On the one hand, it wasn't an overwhelming or undeniable mystical experience, but it seemed out of the ordinary enough, and not quite like anything I'd felt around anyone else, to consider it out of the ordinary. I don't want to jump to conclusions, but some explanations include it could be some mistaken perception, awareness of a bodily response to group atmosphere of excitement and devotion of others in the room (maybe?), a symptom of underlying mental illness (though I have no history of psychotic or delusional experiences and haven't felt that around others), or even in a materialist world long-term meditation practice can create unusual interpersonal qualities (I later found out he had been a monk about 50-55 years and I think did about 12 hours of meditation a day), or some kind of spiritual worldview is correct and this swami was on another spiritual level and either deliberately or couldn't help transmitting some level of his mental state to those around him.   If you subscribe to the latter, and some element of human motivation and instinct is to advance spiritually, how does this combine with evolved motivations explaining so much, if not all, of our behaviour (e.g. an inclination towards altruism coming not from good karma/spiritual blessing but cooperation being beneficial at the level of genes)?  Are there any thoughts, especially from those with a skeptical or scientific background as well as significant meditation experience, about what could be going on?  Thanks!"
"I have given up on life.I do not see a reason to keep going in a world that is just endless misery. I am always depressed and never get any relief from it. I have seen doctors, specialists, counselors, social workers, I have been hospitalized and taken my weight in medications only for nothing to change. So I gave up on treatment. Now I just wait for the day I die or kill myself. My parents do not care. They did not care when I tried to kill myself before. I have had enough of struggling. Not just with depression. With Adhd, OCD, Aspergers syndrome, insomnia all of them. Every day is a war and I have had enough of fighting. I have heard the words it will get better so many times I get angry when I hear it. Its been 12 years since my struggles began and nothing I do has changed my life. I am still miserable. I am alone. Nobody gives a shit about me. I am always uncomfortable in my thoughts and my body that I do not see any reason to live when you cannot even think of one. I do not know what to do anymore"
"The world is dirty, ugly, cruel and hard as fuck. Might just be a first world problem, but I am getting absolutely frustrated living in the suburbs. However I have no where to go and stuck living with my parents. I'm a pessimistic leech. Laughably graduated highschool and now working full-time overnight shifts doing a shit job having to listen to the same pop-songs while time passes by slowly.It is the only full-time job being offered to a kid like me. Absolutely no friends (breaks my heart), no motivation, no idea, no direction. Even quit smoking marijuana as it exagerrates my existential crisis and depression. I sometimes have a bursts of motivation to get out of bed otherwise the only time I feel like I want to rule the world is for that split-second I'm about to release a load. Pathetic, I know. Don't have a driver's license. Have petty fights with my family. It's too cold in Canada to be homeless, can't move out. I wish I can just get an RV and setup camp somewhere but everywhere is private property. It's just too hard for me, no matter how much I tell myself I can do it I just cannot get the energy to do the same thing everyday. I just don't want to exist anymore. I want to sleep forever and live in my beautifuly euphoric dreams. I'm a lost boy in a greedy man's world. A pawn, trapped player, stuck in a society that can't be changed. But that's me, some middle class kid in Canada whose parents will never be able to pay off their house mortage. My future is fucked, my life sucks, and I'm just some cunt who suffers like billions of others in the world. I needed to type this for myself."
"No Idea how to title this Okay so recently ive tried to improve my life by channeling positive energy and a positive outlook onto many areas of my life. It seems that my familial relations are the only area which does not perpetuate benefits. My parents are fighting with eachother all the time and are forcing their marrital problems to become my brother and I’s problems. For example my mom (age 58) will specifically ask my dad who is overweight (age 63) to do something for her that involves movement when she is aware of his back problems and knee problems. My dad of course will do whatever it is to make her happy at his own cost but this isn’t enough for her like she wont say thank you she will just look at me and my brother when my dad is taking a little bit longer than a normal person to get up and go do it or he is in pain because of the movement. She just looks at us and shakes her head as if she is the victim of my dad being overweight, but really I think she is just using his weight problem to try and make it seem like my father is the root of their marraige problems and I guess all her and the familys problems which my younger brother buys into. As for my positive attitude I try to stay positive but its very hard when im surrounded by people who are negative and literally causing problems out of no where so they can justify being negative. Its like constant attacks at my positive attitude and I can only hold out so long before the swamp of negativity breaks my positive attitude and its a skill I have to work on. I just don’t understand what the fuck the issue even is. Sure my dad is overweight and I as well as everyone in the family don’t like the burden of him not doing shit around the house or assigning me his chores cuz his lazy self doesn’t want to do it.  But that doesn’t make my positivity go away just because I gotta do a little bit more around the house or whatever I don’t complain about that shit. When my mom comes in and basically victimizes herself and purposefully makes my dad being overweight a problem and then tries to make everyone else in the room feel bad foe her because she is upset that my dad is overweight more than anyone else, this fucks my mindset up completely because I realize that she is being negative to try and get people to feel bad for her. I put this in parenting to help parents learn from a kids perspective, and to get your opinions on how to fix this because the only way in the past I would use unknowingly to avoid thinking about this was to just use drugs and drink. Asking you parents, what would your child have to do to convince you that you are the problem and what would your child have to do to help you and your husband fix your dsyfunctional marriages. Im not trying to attack my parents verbally when I point this out but it needs to be fixed"
Dealing with the guilt of screw ups? How the hell do you deal with the guilt of all the screw ups? I feel like I have wasted so many good opportunities to be happy with the ones I love. It tears me up inside to thing about how stupid I've been and the shit I've said. I apologize afterwards and I really do mean it and my family knows my troubles but I still can't escape feeling that I've ruined everything.
"Sobbing about pizza at 12am is never about the fucking pizza This is about to make zero sense but I have to let it out.   I go back and forth for hours about if I should buy a fucking pizza bc I’m so hungry and I’ve been doing SO good. My boyfriend tells me to get the pizza, but he doesn’t realize why I go back and forth. Why I can’t just fucking buy the damn pizza.   I get the pizza and eat half of it. Now I’m shaking and crying in the dark about how I’m disgusting. How my boyfriend will never actually love me bc I can’t even eat a pizza without having a breakdown. I can’t answer the phone when he calls bc I can’t explain why I’m crying about a pizza. Then I cry more bc he will probably leave me for someone who doesn’t cry over a pizza.  The pizza represents everything that is wrong with me. My insecurities. My fears. My abandonment issues. My dysmorphia. And eating it was giving in. My ED is ruining everything good in my life but I can’t stop and I hate it.   It’s never about the fucking pizza.  But at the same time, it’s 100% about the pizza."
Child custody To spare most of the gritty details I just found out my partner (never married) of nearly 5 years cheated on me and likely gave me an std that he knowingly let me suffer from for WEEKS before fessing up. I’m angry and do not see myself continuing this relationship. I’ve also been a stay at home mom for nearly all of our 2 year olds life and now find myself in the position of having to move back home with my parents while I find employment and get myself a place of my own. My parents house is safe and my parents and younger (school age) siblings have never been in any legal trouble. Will my ex be able to use my living situation against me to fight for full custody?
"It apparent that I'm not worth anything to anyone. This week, I had someone that I've been there to support when nobody else would pretty much tell me that she is more important than I am. This happens pretty often with her. She gets a new job or some shit after being allowed to do nothing for a period of time and begins to go on power trips. The only one she attacks is me. Between being an amputee that is denied disability and being unable to find steady work or even friends, I deal with enough bull crap on a daily basis, now I have to endure this. My brother overheard everything she said and claims that it pissed him off but he doesn't want to say or do anything because he doesn't want to start a fight which has caused me to feel like its a them vs me kind of situation. That's how it always goes. No matter how often she does this shit.  I'm now isolating myself and really only come out of my room when I know I can avoid speaking to anyone.  I don't want to be around her or unfortunately, anyone that condones and stays silent about it, or has anything to do with her but I can't move or anything. I feel like once this Covid thing is over, I'm just going to sell my belongings and wander the streets until I run out of money and die just so that I never have to speak to or look at any of these people again.   It won't teach anyone anything or open up anyone's eyes but it'll make ME feel better."
"Signed a ridiculous contract with a client to edit a feature. He demanded certain things when I told them ""no"" client cancels contract and demands $600 deposit +$500 back So I was hired to edit a feature length documentary for a green horn mid 40s life crisis first time film maker.  We signed a contract in the first week of December. I made the promise I could meet their deadline of January 7th provided all the necessary material aside from music. When I informed my client that I had access to copyright free music via Youtube and Soundstripe  the client said that should be fine. We signed the contract.    I was given a $600 deposit. In the contract there is wording saying that if the contract is cancelled because I can't meet the deadline or dull fill.my requirements then I must give the deposit back with additional $500.  The first week was fine up until Dec 23rd.   Now  this guy didn't have a script written out so we agreed in the contract that he had to provide the script to me in 3 parts for me to make the deadline.  I get the first part and there are red flags. He's adding links for Stock footage that needs to be paid for and music that would be near impossible to get the rights too.   Music from The Incredible Hulk movie (he said that was a guild line  when I informed him we couldn't use it)  and classic music like Mozart symphonies. (He demanded we have these) when I informed him how copyright laws work and we couldn't use Mozart unless we had a composer performing it or he paid for the use of it ( there is also wording in the contract that paying for stuff like that would come out of my pay)   He also had narration portions in the script but failed to provide me audio clips with narration or any indication he would have that so I directed him to voiceover artist from Fiverr.com to get the necesarry audio.  I informed him why we couldn't use the music he wanted. He then informed me he'll look into it  meanwhile he's gonna send me part 2 of the script (dec 19) After 3 days I finish the first draft edit of Part 1 and sent that with music I could get the rights too and informed that this is a ""start"" to get a feel for the edit. Then I get half of part 2. I work with that until dec 23rd he sends me an email saying he's gonna send me 10 more minutes of part 2 and that it's gonna take him more time and ask me if I'm cool with it.  I said no we agreed on whole parts of the script not portions. Him doing this, slows my editing process down and will ultimately push back the january 7th deadline.   He responded ""fine you'll have the rest of the script by the weekend""  2 hours later I get an email with formal document saying he spoke with his lawyer and is ending the contract because I'm not providing the music he wants and that my first draft of an edit was completely unacceptable as it used too much stock footage. (He suggested stock footage that required payment, I found free to use stock footage and provided a few extra clips for him to review knowing that this is a first draft that is going through 4 more promised revisions. And we could easily remove what isn't needed)  So with weeks before the deadline he's pulled the plug. Demanding I pay back the deposit+$500 and wants me to ship him his hard drive back and pay for shipping. (He came to my place to drop off the hard drive) I've responded to his emails yet he won't reply.  Contract was for 1200.00 flat rate for feature length edit $600.00 deposit. $600.00 upon final edit.   I contest that he failed to fulfill his part of the contract because he didn't provide me all the necesarry material for the edit to begin with (script + audio) and that he's simply trying to scam me out of money and I feel he's done this before with his previous editor (he would gripe about how his previous editor screwed him. I'm thinking it was actually him)  So I'm a freelance content creator I have zero money and spent that deposit on my late December rent and now that this guy is doing this I'm now late on January rent. I'm not planning on shipping his drive back until I speak with him. But at this point I couldn't even make the Jan 7th deadline if I tried as I have now had to scramble to find more work.  I'm expecting him to try and sue me. And I'm willing to goto court representing myself as I can't afford litigation. In fact I would like to counter sue him for damages (stress of late rent) and trying to extort me.   What do you think Reddit?"
"What is wrong with me? I have lived in Utah my entire life. I’ve grown up around tall mountains my entire life. I have really bad anxiety issues but one thing in particular is really weird. Whenever I go on a road trip or drive  through a state that is flat with no mountains in sight and nothing around but dessert as far as the eye can see, I start getting panicky cause of how much space there is. It’s almost like my brain thinks Something bad  is gonna happen and I will have  nowhere to hide or protect me. The anxiety always goes away when I start driving next to mountains. I guess my brain is so used to the feeling of being surrounded by tall mountains that when they go away I feel vulnerable . Super weird and I’ve never heard of anyone that has this problem but me."
"I’m so fucking pissed at myself for not saying anything but then again I’m not. Not sure where to start, but here it goes. I’m in a hole trying to get myself out of. I’m 30 m, been living in an Extended stay for a year and don’t car cuz my tranny went out. So it’s been a tough yeah trying to get myself back up, went into bad alcoholic depression the first half and struggling to pay my rent cuz I was jumping from temp agency to another. The year before that I was evicted and my relationship with my ex gf got worst. The last two years have been a struggle. Back in July I decided to go back to Amazon for the money, hate working there. While working there I saw this girl who started about a month after me, by god she caught my attention and my first thought was “wow” and I tried not think too much about it. Then I started seeing her more and more, like sitting a few tables across from me or bumping into one another in the library while picking. I haven’t had the balls to talk her cuz 1. there are always guys trying to talk her cuz she is really pretty and cuz it’s Amazon. 2. I’m living in an extended stay and having a broken ride. 3. I don’t want to get involved in someone else’s life while trying to get myself together. 4. I’m not proud of the choices I’ve made in my life I’m afraid of making those same mistakes if I were to get myself with her or anyone romantically. Then tonight I decided to leave work early, as I was walking up to the desk to sign out I thought “what would be the chances if she was there” and what you know, there she was signing out too. I had a whole Geralt moment and just said “Fuck.” As I was standing behind her I was thinking about what say to her, I didn’t want to say “how’s it going?” I hear that way too fucking much in the library from everyone and it ends feeling repetitive. Then she turns around and notices me and smiles at me then hands me the pen. My dumbass says “oh you’re done with that?” *hands pen* thank you I say. As I’m writing my name nervously I’m still trying think what to talk about while she is still there. Nothing comes to mind and I walk away to the break room, she is there as well, and end up following each other outside. We are the only two people leaving the building at the same time. I order Lyft while I see her drive off. As I get picked up and I start thinking how bad I fucked up my chance to talk her. I knew why I panicked, I knew I wasn’t good enough for her and I wouldn’t want to bring someone into my fucked up life. In a way maybe leaving her alone is the best thing right now. I don’t know though, everything feels off, I don’t know if these feelings are artificial to make me feel like there is some sort of happiness or if life is trying to tell me something."
"will and after death instructions? i want to make a will and instructions for when i die. i just don’t know how to go about this.   i don’t have a plan to kill myself at the moment but if i die somehow i want things to be specific, like being cremated and no memorial or funeral. just let me die in peace as i’ve never been able to live my life in peace."
"(TW: rape/sexual abuse mention) advice needed from women about nerves seeing gyno I have PTSD from rape and sexual abuse. I have been in therapy for two years, which has helped a lot of my symptoms, but lately I have been triggered and having a lot of physical pain as a consequence.  On Friday, I’m going to get my very first Pap smear done and I am nervous. What others consider “not painful” can still be painful for me because of the sexual trauma. I also know that telling her of my sexual history is necessary but also this gives me anxiety.   Any advice women have for surviving the gyno after being raped - and how their bodies responded - would be helpful."
"Broke down crying in front of my family And they seemed to pass it off and ignore it. Can’t you tell that I’m hiding something? But it’s probably my fault because what do I expect from people who never had to deal with this, they don’t know the signs"
"The double standard around restricting is so frustrating It's so frustrating that if your restriction is 'unintentional' no one bats an eye (my husband is amazing but he's always forgetting to eat and not hungry) but if you 'forget to eat' intentionally all of a sudden it's the worst thing in the world.   I've started restricting again and I think my husband won't notice for a while because I don't eat at work and then at home I eat a modified version of dinner and then don't have any snacks. But he never snacks so he won't notice that I won't. He's never said anything bad to me about my weight but I think secretly he thinks I'm disgusting for always eating. I'm responsible for my own behaviour but it's so triggering to be around him because of his unintentional food restriction. Like he's a guy, he's 7 inches taller than me and he works out. So if it's lunchtime but he says he's not hungry, it's pretty disgusting that I am."
"2yo afraid of baths Hi all, I think I may have traumatized my daughter. She used to love anything with water, we could even dunk her head in the pool. Well, a few months ago, she pooped in the bath and I acted quickly by draining it and taking her out. I admit I was a little frantic cleaning it up. She was naturally freaked out by this, but what I didn't expect was that EVERY time we're about to bathe now she says she won't poop in the bath. Like she's afraid of getting in trouble if she does. That was MONTHS ago. And she wasn't even in trouble. We've put her on the potty right before bath, I make a big deal about her being a big girl and not pooping in the bath, and even if she does it's not a big deal. After every bath I show her the water and she says ""I not poop in bath!"" but she remains completely freaked out at the possiblity. She refuses to sit down in the bath.  Also she used to love the pool but this summer was just crying the whole time and wouldn't let me put her down. Any ideas on allaying her fears? Will she just grow out of it?"
"Weed has helped me immensely I used to get anxiety and panic attacks a lot. Ever since I've started smoking regularly I still get anxious but I've found I'm able to keep myself much more in check. Instead of worrying about one thing all day and not being able to get anything done I can let it go pretty quickly. It has been very good for me, my relationship with my parents is better, my grades are better, I'm more confident around women, and im overall happier. I know this doesnt work for a lot of people but it really helped me"
What do you guys do after a day full of socially awkward moments to forgive yourself? I just had one of those and I need hope for tomorrow
"tomorrow will be probably my last day Hello everyone,   I'll write this and go sleep (hopefully), I am a North African 23 years old studying abroad, for the last 5 years i have been completely alone, no family near me, no friends, I have been suffering from severe depression and anxiety for the last 18 months, i have been drinking almost every night, to the point that i can't sleep if I'm not drunk enough, i financial problems, i have problems in my studies, i am alone, the highlight of my day is when i talk to my family, i cry literally everyday, i feel this big ball of heat in my chest every day, i feel like i was thrown away in this country with absolutely nobody that cares about me, not even a little, loneliness is killing me, i can't take this anymore, if it wasn't for my family i would have killed myself months ago, but i can't take this anymore, i am doing it tomorrow, i made this throwaway account just to write this, i don't expect anyone to convince me not to do it, i just want to get this out of my chest before i sleep. I hate myself, my life, and i didn't ask to be born, this is going to stop, i can't, i just can't."
"Husband said he would put our dogs in the pound. I am on the other side of the world and can't stop him. My husband and I are going through a divorce at the moment. I am in Korea on a military tour; he is back in the states. I repeatedly expressed that the only thing ai want in the divorce is the dogs. I've raised them since they were puppies. We got them after we got married.  He said he's impounding them and then cut off all contact with me, even social media. I don't know what to do."
"How much dirt did you bring up during custody battles? I am in an interesting spot. We are soon to go into round 5 of custody battles. I am beyond tired of court and lawyers, shitty judges making shitty comments.  With this new round coming up, I started to do alot of research/creeping online/talking to former friends and getting as much dirt as possible.  We are going to be bringing up alot of the actions she had done, which shows that she isnt cut for full or half custody. But the majority of the stuff I have found out, basically paints her as a specific type of person, and ties her actions to the type of person she is. Basically painting a story that explains the actions.  I have spoken to my lawyer, and he has said it's up to me. All the people I talk to say I should bring everything up, but I know they are biased because of all the things she has done to screw me over.   I am also in an area where some of the judges are very conservative in their approach to things. This is also a factor, I dont want to come across as petty. But not maintaining full custody is not an option. My son needs consistency and I am the only one that has proven to he able to provide that.  So I am wondering how deep of a dive people took to win/prove the type of person their ex was, or if you tried to keep it civil? I have always tried to take the high road but after 3 years of this, I am ready to start fighting back, which includes fighting as dirty as she has. But not sold on the risk/reward parts or if it is actually successful.  And if someone doesnt feel comfortable sharing publicly, please feel free to message me."
"I just want to disappear I read a post the other day from someone who didn't want to kill themselves but wished their existence was wiped from everyone's memory. I felt that hard man, especially yesterday.   I had a great day yesterday, went to work and killed it, hung out with two of my close friends and laughed for hours, one of whom i have a crush on. But once I was alone the thoughts started coming. I was thinking that all I'm ever going to be good for is a one night stand, that the only reason people like me is because I come across as easy. Which I get because I sometimes show off my body and get horny but, I don't want to do that anymore and I want to seriously start thinking about relationships and I think I'm just not worthy and I'm going to die alone and I should just kill myself where I stand and save people the trouble of leaving me like they inevitably do.  I just had to have this rant"
"Jesse Smollett Posts Guys, we get it Jesse Smollet faked a hate crime. He might get away with it because he is rich and famous. What else is new in America? Rich people get away with stuff all the time. Compared to Aliens or fake Terror attacks this is not really that big of a deal. This sub has better stuff to talk about, one or 2 posts a day is fine but this sub is riddled with posts about it. The people and power are perfectly happy with you fighting about celebrities all day"
"Skipping the conspiracy theory and going straight for a warning. I just wanted to warn all couples, or all people who co-own property with someone because I had to survive this myself.  Your partner will have an ability to take over possession of your house if they are on the deed.  There is very little you can do once you've put them on the deed about  - Them inviting friends over that are unkind or hostile to you - Them pawning your belongings - Them moving in other people including new partners and new partner's kids - Them and their friends colluding to use involuntary psychiatric commitment against you (if it gets them the upper hand on owning your property).  - Abuse by proxy is a real thing.  - Your partner can not only pawn your belongings but ask for their friends to do the same.  We hope that divorce lawyers are enough, we hope that we could never be evicted from land we own...but it is entirely possible to be muscled out by your partner and their friends.  So long as they haven't done anything illegal it will continue to remain a civil court matter.'  So let me tell you what happened to me (at least part of it).  I bought a house.   I fell in love.  I added my love interest on to the title.  Fast forward a few years to how reality looks for me now....  I am currently not going near my house because my ex moved in his girlfriend and her two kids.  They are paying all of the expenses, but threatened to have me framed as a stalker if I go on my own property.  They and their friends threatened to frame me for stalking her children (who are on the property without my permission).  They threatened to have m framed for stalking her kids...who she moved on to my land.  The police can do nothing.  I can only sue my ex to get them off of the property.  The police and our realtor know about it and can't do anything.  This was the person I was in love with more than this world at one time.  I have to sue them in civil court and I'm too scared of them to go back for my stuff.  I haven' t done anything wrong so far and I""m want to keep it that way.  Just thought I'd share this in the hopes it may benefit someone else.  The two of them have access to my birth certificate, social security card, mortgage paperwork and so on.  This is how I lost control of my land and of my life."
"Changes to 2015 Taxes Hey everyone,  I recently received a letter from the State of New Jersey, Department of the Treasury, Division of Taxation, and it claims that I misfiled my 2015 taxes, and owe around $4,000. At the time, I was working in New York and living in New Jersey, and opted for an exception to avoid paying state taxes for New Jersey if I already paid them in New York. I'm not sure how such a large amount could be owed, given my income ($80,000).  &amp;#x200B;  In situations like these, would it be worth contacting a CPA or a tax lawyer? I'm not sure how to proceed."
"Roth 401k vs pre-tax 401k at 24% bracket I'm currently 23 years old and am wondering if putting 100% of my contributions in pre-tax is the right choice in the long run. While I understand that Roth contributions are recommended especially at an early age (given that you're in the lowest tax-bracket compared to the rest of your career), I still think that being in the 24% bracket will mean I will be taxed a hefty amount and is money that could be used towards student loans, house down payment, and etc. What are your thoughts?"
"Feelings about Depakote and side effects? Just diagnosed with bipolar after 20+ years of just thinking i had depression. Turns out my antidepressants were making my mania/hypomania worse (super fun!!). New psychiatrist started me on Depakote, seems to be helping but I'm freaked out by the 3 pages of side effects and warnings. Liver damage?!? pancreatitis?!? internal bleeding??? Is this really worth it?"
Anyone else here is 23 and have SA? Say something about you idk lol. I'm a male and my life's shit because of this
i'm full (of tea) but i can't stop drinking tea is this bad??? i've had a lot of water and 5 cups of tea (so far. i'm already plotting my next tea.) will my kidneys be chill with this? should i not make a habit of it or can i just be drinking tea at all times from now on?
"Lost and need advice, please. I am 41 yr old male. Once previously divorced back in 2006. That was a irreconcilable difference divorce and went smoothly.   NOW, married again since 2012. I am in the middle of a fucked up situation. I need advise on what to do next. PLEASE! Am I fucked!?   STBX says she filled out paperwork and handed me a parenting plan court papers.   So, long story short:  1- living with wife - soon to be ex 2- we have a 4 yr old together  3- I have mental health diagnosis 4- I have a DV charge 3 yrs ago 5- while separated I had a fling 6- STBX begged me back told her about fling she kicks me out  7- we have zero assets and are home renters.  So to be clear I went to jail for Domestic Violence incident between my wife and I.   I spent the night in jail on suicide watch, butt naked in a cell for the night,  then a 72hr mandatory hold at a Crisis Center and  a extra 2 weeks for suicide attempt in hospital. Obviously I have Major Depression and incurable disease Ulcerative Colitis as well! FUN SHIT!  Now, deferred sentence, the Court dismissed my case and it is now eligible to file a motion for the record of the case to be sealed.  I am going to therapy weekly and take my medicine. I am doing my best to use coping skills and try to be positive. But, right now I am actually a wreck inside.   I just don’t know what else to do right now so that is why am posting on here and you can ignore this or if you have any advice or experience to share I am fully open and willing to receive any help"
"How to reduce body fat percentage? Ok,  I'm not a fitness fanatic.  Currently 6' tall,  215 lbs, about 30% body fat.. about to enter a friendly body fat loss competition.  Looking for some expert advice on best way to lose weight (body fat)  knowing I need to keep or grow muscle in the process.  3 month competition.  Diet?  Exercise routines (workout every day or sprinkle in rest days,  cardio vs weights, etc).. weigh in and out is via a dxa scan."
"Trying to get my brother active &amp; social Hey all!   I was hoping for some advice. My brother is schizophrenic and very much prefers keeping to himself. A lot of this has lead to him being very lonely and I’d like to do more with him to get him out of the house (some with and some without other people)   I know it is hard to recommend suggestions without knowing his interests, but he doesn’t speak often about his likes and/or hobbies.  So, anything that you’ve enjoyed or feel could boost someone’s mood, would be greatly appreciated :)"
"How to meditate while having a trauma or any kind of emotional problem? Its always hard to practice meditation, even harder when something bad happened to you recently. So when i close my eyes the problem is the only thing i can think of.  &amp;#x200B;  For me for example, i lost my dog that i had for almost 20 years, and i have a real strong bond with her. She died because of me(not intentionally of course), so its very hard for me to not think about it through the day. This is a pattern for me, every time i have a hard problem i run from it mentally and physically in any way possible.  &amp;#x200B;  So how you guys manage that?    Btw, sorry for any english mistake, english isn't my first language."
"A non-accredited GED cost my mother her job Hello, so my mother is a certified nursing assistant with 15 years of experience. She applied for a new position that was similar to her current role. She received  and accepted the offer. After undergoing a background check, she was told she would not get the role because her diploma is not accredited. I looked into her diploma and it seems it might be a degree mill. At the time she took the classes and received the diploma, we had just immigrated to America and did not know any better. Is there something we can do about this? The institution does not exist anymore and the owner died. The institution was registered to the county we live in and we got her diploma notarized by the county clerk. Is there anything I can do? I am incredibly frustrated and devastated. It’s a lost opportunity that we could not even control."
Can someone give me an idea if this is possible? So ive been on an Med for a.d.d since 2012...and its only been recently(I’m diagnosed with bipolar 2 and ptsd) but its the only thing that gets me Thur the day I take more than I should but I need it to survive right now cuz my depression is killing me and I only hafta hold for 2 more months because I’m med resistant so I hafta go for ketamine treatments and I know in my gut that’s gonna be my saving grace and I’m always right when I have a gut feeling..and then I’ll be better and I won’t hafta rely so heavily on this medication..I can’t get off  because without it Incant go back to my career which is flight attending and trainings so hard they send u home u fail more than once and before I was ever on this med I barely scraped by on passing...I need to stay sharp for this job and this medication changed my life so I can’t get a job without it but once I’m happy again I think go back how I was using it before the only difference is my tolerance has gotten pretty high.. Does Anybody have some thoughts about this?
"Tried a dress on and it didn’t fit, feeling fucking insane I used to have an eating disorder and it flairs up from time to time. I tried on my friends dress in front of a group of people and it did not fit, and I am having a mental breakdown.         I feel literally fuckint crazy embarrassed and so grossed out by myself. I honestly feel so crazy right now that I could start puking again. I know it sounds dramatic but recovering from an eating disorder can be so hard and having these embarrassing moments can spark up crazy feelings.   TL;DR: Tried my friends dress on in front of a group of people and now feeling feelings of purging again."
"25 age is depressed I'm 25 years old. And I'm depressed because I think I didn't do nothing for 5 years. Till 20 year's I do my best to become best. My all ratings in my classes is A and A-. And after 2 course of study of University I just stopped to go to university. I don't why, but I lost all my interest to live life. After university I became work but I didn't any interest or passion on work. Now I work for myself, I sale soft of Microsoft through tender. And now I'm studying on University for magistrate. But I am still  depressed.  Ive become so lazy for this 5 years. Although till this time I was active and responsible man. I've been slept so much time for 5 years. And I don't have any interest to change my life. However I hate my life and myself. What I am supposed to do?"
I need to get my life together...but I’m too scared. I’m scared to drive because I don’t want to crash and possibly kill someone else or myself.  I’m scared to get a job because I hate interacting with other people and it’s basically just like school.  I’m scared to finish high school because I feel my future will be just as bad as now. Or worse.  And I’m scared to die. I don’t want to die even though I feel like it. Not like this. I want to live a happy life and die happy.  Sadly I’m forced to do what I’m scared of and that isn’t fair. Why do I have to suffer just to live? Is it gonna be worth it in the end?  One day I’ll have to face all of my my fears; even death. It scares me that the only thing guaranteed in life is death. I’m not even guaranteed a good life. Just dying. Unhappy.
"Why? Why do the things in our life happen? Why can't we control what happens to us, we are like dust in the wind... why do people die? Why are we here..."
"Q: What do you do when experiencing shortness of breath? For anxious fellows, what do you do when experiencing an episode of shortness of breath especially at social gatherings including work etc?"
No I’m not fucking okay! I just needed a place where I can say this. Where I can admit that I’m really struggling right now without feeling embarrassed or ashamed. I can’t bring myself to say it to anyone who asks me directly so I really need to let it out here:   I’m not doing well. Life really sucks at the moment. It doesn’t seem like anything will improve. And I sure as hell hope you’re doing better because being me isn’t fun these days.
"Feeling hopeless. Trigger warning: discussion of self harm, overdosing, and wanting to die. Please delete if not allowed.   Hi everyone. I'm a semi-functioning 32f with clinical depression and borderline personality disorder. I have a ft job that I love, and they are very accommodating to my mental health. I am in a happy relationship (2 years in March), we have an apartment and 3 cats together; we each have our own car. We're talking about having a baby, and have been actively trying. My cycle is out of wack because I was on birth control pills since I was 18, and only stopped taking them this August.  Things are great on the surface, right? I have been struggling with my mental health really badly these past 2 months or so. I have taken time off work due to it. Only used 2 sick days, and the rest has been due to a lack of work at my company. I have a few days of work coming up and then I will be off for 7 days for a mini staycation.  While things are relatively fine, our home is a bit of a mess. Our bedroom is an organization disaster. We have laundry to be done (his task), but we have shared laundry in this building and we never get an opportunity to use the machines, because they are always in use by the other tenants.  We were looking at buying a house before Christmas. We paused the search due to other financial obligations. He bought a brand new car at the end of the year, so now we have put the search on a hiatus. Which is fine, it gives us the opportunity to save up, because our rent is super cheap.  I'm not really sure where I'm going with this. I guess I just needed a vent. I don't have a therapist anymore, because the one I had was just a social worker and meant for ""short term"". I'm going to talk to my doctor about an increase on my SSRI, or possibly a different medication. But I don't want to be on anything too high that would need to be decreased once I get pregnant.. Well, if, I guess.  I've been crying a lot. Feeling hopeless. Worthless. Wanting to hurt myself and generally not be around anymore. I have been a bit irratic lately, but in private. My partner doesn't even know that I have been mixing pills with alcohol, as well as pot (it's legal here 🇨🇦). I don't want to die, but often I am crying to myself telling me as such, that I wish I was dead. I find myself struggling to get through many days. I just feel so lost. I haven't done anything I have wanted to do in life. I thought I would have had 3 kids by this point in my life, but I made many stupid decisions in relationships. Not with this one, though. But I still wonder if he wishes he chose someone else, or maybe he feels like he can't leave me. He tells me otherwise when I ask, but I dunno.  Life hurts, man. I was born with a condition that caused me to have arthritis at an early age. It is manageable with regular painkillers, but the older I get, the more pain I get. I have trouble using stairs, I have to take them one step at a time (one foot up, next foot to same step, repeat). I need to push a shopping cart when shopping, to help my balance.  Ugh, I dunno guys. I'm just rambling I think. My partner doesn't understand mental health, and I don't know how to help him understand it.  I don't know what I'm even posting for. I just don't know what I'm doing or why I feel this way. I just wish I was ""normal"". I want a baby so badly, before my body shuts down even more. I am still physically capable of a lot of things, we even go to the gym to try to help with my knees. But I worry. I'm lost, lol."
Grubhub Tax Questions This is my first year delivering with grubhub and i noticed that they pay for mileage from the restaurant to the customer.  When i calculate my mileage deduction can i include the miles from the restaurant to the customer as well as the miles in between orders?
"I thought about suicide for the first time in 3 years I don’t even know where to begin, it’s been a terrible weeks and I just need to vent a bit I guess. The last time I thought about it was my freshman year of college, I just failed a class and had a gap of 1.6ish and I thought it was over. I attempted and failed and was fine for a bit but over the last week I’ve spiraled again. Tonight I stood on an 5th floor balcony and just thought about jumping. I feel like I just can’t anymore, I hate everything about myself and I feel like I just can’t go on anymore"
"Hormonal IUD and depression Hi, I (22f) have MDD with recurring episodes for the past 8 years and I am still on the journey of finding a therapy that works for me though I have been very stable and didn't have an episode in the past 9 months, so fingers crossed. After consulting my gp and psychiatrist I am considering getting Kyleena IUD since it has the lowest hormone levels and it is suppose to be localized. But mood swings and depression is still in the list of common side effects and it freaks me out that it will trigger/worsen my depression. I also had a friend who started having panic attacks after getting Mirena and had to remove it a year later which stopped the panic attacks. How was your experience with hormonal IUDs?"
"He wants me back?! Go fuck yourself. I'm moving out in ten days. The deposit has been paid on the new spot. I've done the emotional legwork of feeling ok with where I am - and today he said that he wants us to try to figure it out. To work on it together.  I'm annoyed. We made this decision about a month and a half ago and had gone back and forth initially but he was the one who pulled the trigger. We've known it was inevitable, but it finally happened.  I've been working so hard to be kind and good to myself and do all the good things as I transition out of this space. And then he throws this at me. And I feel like he's reframing it so that this is my fault. The separation will be my fault now because he's willing to work on it. And I feel like a piece of shit because I'm not where he is right now. I'm looking forward to my new single life. I'm looking forward to being alone."
Social Secuity help. My grand daughter has severe autism. She is non verbal and just turned 4. The insurance copay for therapy is almost $600 monthly. I have been trying to help with that but it is alot.  I was told Social Security disability insurance can help wth this. Her parents need t apply online for this and other assistance.  Does anyone know if this is true? Where can I find more information?  Thank you.
"can someone give me their honest opinion i’ve been struggling with depression all my life - well  for as long as i can remember.  i’ve had problems trying to directly pinpoint what kind of depression I have, or what was exactly wrong with me. when i turned 18 and stopped going to the doctor with my mom, i decided that it was time to actually start talking about the actual problems i had with my mental health. (because we all lied in front of our parents when we were at the doctor) the first thing i brought up to my doctor was my depression. and i did it many times actually, but she’s one of those “uh huh.. oh really, ok take *insert medication here* and let me know how you feel in 2 weeks” type of doctor. i was been put on zoloft to treat my depression and... that was a no. i took it for probably 2 weeks and stopped immediately.  i also have really strange problems with hyperactivity and concentration, i also speak incredibly fast and am very scatter brained. i again talked to my doctor and she thought i had adulthood adhd, and then put me on a fixed dose of Ritalin to help me. &amp; for a little while i believed that all my problems were coming from having adhd but the medicine didn’t really help me so i stopped taking that too. now.. i also have HORRIBLE problems sleeping. and again, i talked to my doctor - got medicine - didn’t work - stopped taking it.  SO. now that y’all now the back story. i’ve decided to start doing my research. and i don’t think I have adhd, i feel like i have Manic Depression, or what some of you might know as Bipolar Disorder. &amp; I never really thought about if i was bipolar until i started opening up to my friends about how I actually felt. i told my roommate in college about it, and she said that it would make a lot of sense. and my friend from home got to experience one of weird, crazy out of the blue depression episodes where i told him that i wanted to kill myself after having dinner with a bunch of friends. it caught him off guard because i seemed so happy at dinner. but a few hours later, i was calling him crying because i just wanted to die.  and i don’t know if this is enough information to really tell if i’m bipolar or not but, obviously my doctor isn’t gonna help (she just loves giving out controlled substances to me) and idk..  i just need some answers so plz help :("
Do bilingual/multilingual schizophrenics (with aural hallucinations) hear voices in their second and third languages? It’s something I’ve been curious about for a while but never found a clear Answer to.
"How can I be a better older sister to my (half) siblings? I have three half siblings: Sister (13), Twin Brothers (11). I am 22.   I speak to my sister almost daily but it’s almost impossible to speak to my brothers. My father and I do not speak. We haven’t spoken in about 2-3 years. Him and his family live in the South, I live with my mother and brother, 25 (my father’s son as well) in New England. I stopped speaking to him because I realized when I made less of an effort to continue communication, we wouldn’t speak for months. I finally decided to stop putting energy into a one sided relationship and thus we haven’t spoken since.   The entirety of my father’s side of the family doesn’t speak to my father (and he doesn’t speak to them) and his wife because they’re manipulative and money-hungry. My father’s side of the family lives in New England as well. The only person who speaks to him is my older brother. Thus, this affects the children’s relationship with the rest of the family. When I was in college, I used to visit them every once in a while in the South but I realized, things always got quite explosive because I would always try to hold my father accountable for being an absent father and abusive husband to my mother. The fall of our relationship also meant I couldn’t see the kids as much. My father actually frequently comes to New England according to my older brother but he doesn’t visit any of the family members (not even his mother who is ill and isn’t part of the issue everyone has with him). He chooses to not bring the kids to see us.  The boys (twin brothers) have Iphones and Macbooks but it’s still hard to get ahold of them.  The distance seems to have ruined our relationship. One of them claimed to not like Imessage or using the telephone so he doesn’t talk to anyone in the family and the other one, seems to prioritize his friends over his family members (he’s a kid so I guess it’s expected). If he is facetiming his friends or messaging his friends, he will ignore my messages.   I don’t know what to do. I am afraid we’ll never have a good relationship and they will see me as a stranger. If anyone could give me some advice,  that’d be greatly appreciated.  Also sidenote: I don’t talk to their mother either because she always has no insight but always seems to insert herself in situations that have nothing to do with her. Also, my older brother isn’t helpful in this case. He doesn’t speak to any of our siblings and he still believes my father is such an amazing guy for whatever reason.  TL;DR: I live far from my half siblings and the issues within our family is keeping us from effectively communicating, how can I fix that?"
"Having an ""all or nothing"" personality doesn't go well with social anxiety. I think it's better not to try at all, than to try and end up failing. I want everything to be perfect but it never is. When i fall for someone, i fall hard and can't take the pain of not being loved back. I don't even try anymore. I have no balance in my life. Why am i like this?"
"What I say to them: I am fine, thanks. And yourself?what is actually going on: let us see. My mental health is so fucking out of control that I do not know who I am anymore. I keep watching things for motivation, only to end up more depressed because in my mind, I must not be doing enough. I have not worked since the end of 2019 and developed agoraphobia last year because of the pandemic. I am so afraid and get irrationally nervous every time I leave my room. My last remaining grandma died last week, I cannot afford to make it to her funeral tomorrow that is literally 1,000 miles away from me. My friends that I trusted are both gone. they have both abandoned me and I hate myself because it seems like I just cannot win. I see progress from other people which makes me question myself for hours on end, wondering what I am doing wrong. I wake up with a black cloud over my head that seems to constantly follow me everywhere. I cannot get this life thing right and honestly I am so tired of trying. I will stick to the I am fine because people do not want to hear the truth. They do not care. I hate when people ask me how I am doing."
"Anxiety without Pounding Heart? Is this possible?  For the past five months I've been having what I would consider to be ""mental panic attacks"" in which I just randomly feel scared and uncomfortable, but don't necessarily have the usual anxiety symptoms of sweating, dry mouth, pounding heart, etc.  Just hoping this isn't indicative of something like schizophrenia or some other horrible mental illness."
"Invega Relief I take invega by injection once a month. As many of you are aware, the medication comes with a few debilitating side effects... fatigue, depression, and anhedonia to name a few.   I’m wondering if there are any medications that would help with these side effects. More specifically, I’m wondering if there are any known stimulants or antidepressants that would work well with this antipsychotic.  I’m aware that many stimulants such as Adderall have opposing mechanisms and don’t work very well when combined with invega... (are there any that do work well?) Personally, I tried vyvanse and didn’t notice much of a difference, which was atypical.  The medication is incredibly good at making life dull...   Even cannabis feels very different when used. Although, pot does relieve some of the depressing side effects which is great.   Do any experienced users have a solution? It helps with psychosis but in many ways I’ve found these side effects to be debilitating."
"Depressive episodes are not forever One thing that gets me through my episodes is the knowledge that it can't last forever. For several years before I was diagnosed I only really experienced depression (no hypomania at all) and it felt like it would never end. And I know that a fair amount of people also feel this way. And some people suffer from chronic depression. But now with my diagnosis I feel that as long as my episode lasts and however intense it is it can't last forever.   I guess it's just a small solace. But on the flip side, when I was just depressed I held on to hope that one day I would be cured but with bipolar that hope is pretty much squashed. So I guess it's a mixed bag."
"I think i just need a hug Do you ever feel like you just want someone to touch you? Not even sexually, you just don’t want to feel like a problem for a while. Like, i want someone to care about me, tell me they like me, hug me and pet my head or something. I feel really selfish saying that but it’s just how i feel. Can anyone relate?"
"Depressed Male (me) with a Female Friend Recently, I told a female friend of mine that I would rather not talk about the boys she finds cute, or her dating life. We do have a little history where she had asked me out, and then backed out for fear of damaging our friendship.  After mentioning the topics I was now having a hard time talking about, I think I've made her pretty upset. We go to college together, and she didn't show up today. I've sent some texts, and asked if she would be showing up tomorrow. Right now, I'm getting one or two word responses, which is a little odd, and she replied with ""maybe"" to coming to class. I'm trying not to read into things too much, but that tends to be how my head works.   Am I just being an awful depressed friend? Any advice on what I should do?"
Biking is ruining my life lol My legs used to be so much thinner and dainty but since I moved to Holland biking has become my main transportation and is basically 100% necessary in my life. Problem is it made my legs muscle-y and I hate it. I mean a perk is that I'm burning calories biking everywhere but aughhh I hate how you can't control where muscle goes. This has been a pointless rant!
"I’m surprised I’ve lived so long I’m fourteen, and to be completely honest I feel like weed and alcohol are the only things keeping me sain at this point. I have friends, matter a fact I have a lot of them. I just can’t talk to most of them, due to me just not connecting with them. I started smoking weed this year and I’ve been drinking on and off since I was around 12. I noticed drugs just help me calm down and people think I’m better when I’m on them because they relieve my stress and anxiety. And the stress on me recently has really taken a toll on me. I had built it up for just a couple weeks with my grandma saying I’m the reason she’s depressed and that I cause her all this stress. Then I snapped when my younger sister pushed me into a burning pot and I knew I couldn’t yell at her or hit her because she’s my sister, and so I proceeded to get to a metal door frame and start punching it out of pure anger. I’ve tried committing suicide since I first started 6th grade which would make me maybe 10 or 11. I don’t like my life but I’ve gotten to deal with it because I know others can have it worse. I’ve debated committing suicide recently just because of how I stress everyone out and I don’t wanna see myself as someone people have to deal with. I feel like it’s just gonna suck because my birthday is in a couple weeks, maybe like 2 or 3 and I don’t wanna disappoint my family anymore then I already have."
"Wrong decisions I’m 26 years old and I’m going through a big problem because three years ago I decided to study mechanical engineering and now I don’t feel confident about my decision, I am bored with so many numbers and calculations, I can solve them but I don’t like to do only that, that’s why I was thinking about changing my career from mechanical engineering to industrial engineering, I was reading a lot about the subjects in industrial engineering and I really would like to study there, the problem is that I am scared of my parents don’t understand me, sometimes I feel bad because a lot of my schoolmates are professionals and my parents usually compare me with them, I really feel small and useless."
Busy stores I got anxious while grocery shopping. He was taking forever to pick something for dinner we were in the same spot in the busy grocery store for what felt like hours. My head was spinning and was starting to hurt. I just wanted to go.... he got really upset. We left with nothing. Why am I like this...?
"My gf just broke up with me and I really don't know what to do anymore I feel so lost. She has been everything to me for the past 7 months (I know it isnt that much time, but I talked to her almost all day when we couldnt go out and have a date)  I know you guys would suggest going out to the movies or something like that but due to the situation in my country, going out is really expensive as most of the money goes to buying food (living in this country has also made my depression much worse, but my ex helped me cope with it)  How do you guys cope with your depression without needing to spend money or going out? I don't have any friends that I can rely on either. Any suggestion would be appreciated. Sorry for my bad english too, i'm not a native speaker."
I thought of a really good Madeleine McCann joke... The punchline seems to have gone missing though.
"I'm done, and think I will go with overdosing as my way to go. Which non-prescription drug would be the best to overdose on? And how much mg of it would be necessary to do it. I've reached the limit that I can handle and don't see myself getting past this coming weekend."
"Found out about the 'Cocktail Party Effect' and my ADHD brain definitely does not have this ability! [Wikipedia link to the Cocktail party effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocktail_party_effect)  &amp;#x200B;  So this effect is about how the brain can focus on one source of sound, even when there's many other sources at the same time (At a cocktail party, for example)  &amp;#x200B;  I struggle with not having this ability in more than just parties: Even at a loud restaurant, I can hear *everything* and nothing at the same time.   All the voices are mushed into one, and it's a random word soup.  &amp;#x200B;  And this is just at restaurants or group discussions.   At a party or club, forget it. The music adds a whole other dimension of audio confusion.   &amp;#x200B;  Do ya'll have the same problem?"
"I had a pneumonia vaccination recently - will it protect me? In November here in Spain I had my annual flu vaccination. At the same time the nurse asked if I would like to have a pneumonia vaccination too. I accepted. I am a fit, healthy 75 year old. If I were to be infected with Corona would my earlier pneumonia vaccination protect me against the complications often associated with deaths due to this disease?"
"Am I paying too much for my car loan? For background, I live with my girlfriend who has no debt and makes around 42k a year. I make 38.5k salary and have 1.3k in credit card debt and 1k in medical bills. I have an HSA account through work that pays the medical bills for me, however. I will list my monthly expenses below:  Amount left on car loan: 14.5k Salary: 38.5k Monthly income (after taxes): 2400 Car loan: 275 Rent: 560 Car insurance: 70 Phone bill: 80 CC1: 50 CC2: 25 Netflix: 13 Spotify: 8 Groceries: 120 Utilities: 50  Am I paying too much for my car loan? I was contemplating refinancing it in a few months to lower the payments. I do plan on saving and paying it off early. Goal date to pay it off is 2021."
"What to do with a car that's totalled? So my wife has a 2012 Chevy Cruze. It's obviously out of the dealer warranty range. It was having the problems so I had it dropped off at the shop and they just called to tell me that the engine is damaged so severely that they need to put in a new one.   The new engine will run $5,600 for parts/install. It's obviously not worth that much, I could buy another car for that price!  Question is, what do I do with my giant paperweight now? Do I call a scrap yard and have them come get it? Do I call my insurance company?"
"There isn't even a coronavirus pandemic. There wasn't a swine flu pandemic either. Remember this, guys?  [https://www.bbc.com/news/10235558](https://www.bbc.com/news/10235558)     Connect the dots. I don't have to say anything else."
"Hello is there anybody who is interested with blogging. I am looking for someone who wants to manage a blog with me. I know its a joke for you, but i really take it seriously. Question"
In the last 3/4 years it was been difficult for me to be comfortable in a group of people because I am always the person with few friends and one of the few without having a relationship with someone. This thing started to affect me mentally because in high school I was barely invited to my friends parties and group activities without any reason and in college I had some bad moments with my colleagues that made change of course (but I was not feeling well in that course too). Then I had a crush in a girl but she did not want anything with me and never gave me attention to me while I was trying to be friendly with her. There were times I felt a completely incompetent and very depressed because I never felt what was being loved by someone and being included in a group of friends that wanted to do something with me. My social life is making me feel depressed
Most accurate wrist based heart rate monitors/calorie tracker? I understand that chest heart rate monitors are more accurate but I want something that I can wear all the time so I can just know how many calories I’ve been burning. Ideally something that can take a beating but I’m open to ideas and suggestions.
You know how they say you should get rid of the toxic people in your life? But what if you are the toxic person in your life?
"Sure this is mostly a physical thing, but still Anyone have any idea how I can help this out? I was at school today and this one kid kept making “frog noises” (he called them) which actually sounded like he was going to throw up. The noise just made me freak out and my stomach churning and I started crying and the teacher had to talk to him, it was weird. I mean usually I’d still be annoyed and mildly upset by it, but this time I freaked out. Also another time, in band, my band director in his arms has a lot of veins showing, and I don’t even know why or if this one’s anxiety, but my stomach starts churning and everything and I have to look away and start to get upset if I don’t get out soon. I hate feeling this way, anyone know some ways I can try to get over this?"
"I am 26. When I was a teenager, probably early teenager, I had likea prophecy slip into my head: I was going to be dead at 30.And its always made sense to me, dying by 30. In a way its a little bit of a relief: just a couple more years then natures going to pull the plug on me. But its also scary. Like what if I am in my 30s and this dumb body is chugging along??But ever since I was 21, I have only got x more years in this world can you shut the fuck upI joke to people all the time, I am going to be dead by 30. I was not built to last.And ever since I was 25, people ask where do you see yourself in 5 years. I honestly have to bullshit that. Because I REALLY think I am going to be dead. By freak illness. Or freak accident. Maybe someone will send an assassin after me!!!I think of all the creatives that die just short of 30. The forever 27 club. Maybe Ill finish my projects that I hope will be meaningful in the next few years, maybe I will not. But I got less than 3 years left. Short life expectancy"
"Breathing techniques and resources Years of inertia and not taking myself and my life seriously had built up terrible anxiety in me. I would like to share some breathing techniques which have helped me immensely, firstly you need to be aware of your triggers and your current state when you're anxious( for me it is feeling my heartbeat, uncomfortable lump in the throat and mind racing as if everything needs to be understood and done right away, basically being overwhelmed). I personally don't go to a therapist because it's hard to find a good one and I don't want to take medication for anxiety( lack of trust in the pharma/doctor industry).  I think the best way to deal with your anxiety is self-awareness, self-knowledge and educating yourself. understanding the basis of your neurosis is very important. Acceptance of your situation and coming up with realistic measures will surely help. Here are a few breathing techniques(since the way you breathe and state of your mind are directly connected and vice versa) and resources to learn from. These are yogic techniques so you have to focus on your breathing and try not to get distracted.  1. Sit on a chair/floor with your back straight, legs crossed, close your eyes, place your hand on your tummy take deep breaths in and out, you should feel your tummy expanding, first few breaths just focus on the tummy expanding with every inhalation, then focus on making your inhalations and exhalations equal, like this inhale 1,2 exhale 1,2, do this for about 3-5 mins continuosly. 2. second is the same but lying down on your back, knees bent, feet on floor at a comfortable distance and hand on the tummy. The whole idea is that we take shallow breaths when we are anxious and by doing diaphragmatic breathing and focussing we're relaxing and shifting the body into the parasympathetic nervous system. 3. for this one you stand place your hands on the lowest two ribs, take deep breaths and feel them expand with inhalation and contract with every exhalation. 4. again standing place your fingers on the clavicle bone by raising your arms and feel them move forward with every inhalation this is called clavicular breathing.  Since these are yogic techniques it will be best if you learn from a yoga teacher but i have listed them in case anyone is unable to go to one for any reason. And yoga doesn't look at the mind in isolation but as part of a mind, body,emotion, energetic system.  Now some resources  1. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBAFPbypyn4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBAFPbypyn4) 2. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP1YOeNnZac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP1YOeNnZac) 3.  [https://www.brainpickings.org/2017/08/27/seneca-anxiety/](https://www.brainpickings.org/2017/08/27/seneca-anxiety/)  4.  [https://yourholisticpsychologist.com/](https://yourholisticpsychologist.com/)"
"Weight gain on Sertraline Hi guys :)   I've been on Sertraline for about 8 months now, and my appetite has increased drastically and I've put on 8 kg so far, even though I eat healthier and exercise more than I did before I started the meds.   It seems like I have the choice between doing what I do now and keep gaining weight, or I can be tired and hungry all the time, if I eat less.   Does, or did, anyone else experience this problem? What helped? Considering changing my meds."
"Filing for divorce then immediately taking half the money out of joint accounts? My STBXW and I have been hammering out a uncontested divorce for about 6 months. Things have stalled and I have a meeting with the lawyer I originally chose that wrote the draft agreement. I plan to just file for divorce, and I would like to remove all responsibility from the credit card the wife has been charging 2-3k a month on for the past 6 months. I wish to file, then remove half the funds in all joint accounts and move them to separate accounts in my name only. Also, take a snapshot of her cc balance and state that I only am responsible for half of the cc balance. Is this legal? I am in KY for reference.  The state calculator calls for me to pay 840$ a month in child support, I also plan on (after notifying her) having her open new accounts, paying her 420 bi weekly until court ordered support is mandated. Is all this legal to do?  The main consul web in immediately getting off responsibility for her erratic CC spending"
"How can I have a better management of my anxiety? I tend to freak out often about situations that haven't happened but my mind swears  they will, until the point I'm in tears and having an anxiety attack. I know the method to calm myself down when the situation occurs but I would like to know how I can take a step back of this from happening, go to the very origin that makes me imagine this scenarios in my head."
"I’m done fucking trying to be a different person. I will embrace who I truly am. I’m going back to see a psychiatrist tomorrow who will probably just change my anti depressant medication. I have anxiety and depression and Aspergers and probably some other stuff which hasn’t been diagnosed yet. I’m not going to carry on trying to be a certain way. I will embrace who I truly am. After all it doesn’t matter as everybody is ultimately self interested. All you do is what makes you happy, when you doing something for someone else your just doing it to feel good about yourself. Fuck it. I’m just going to be who I truly am. I’ve only ever been happy within the last 2 years when I’m singing like shit and laughing my fucking head off while spilling Diet Coke down myself. I’ve only ever been happy when holding a fucking knife. Ive only been happy when I’m fucking insane. In fact I want to be looked in an asylum in a strait jacket in a padded room to fucking scream, I just want to let go and be forgotten as some crazy piece of shit.  LifesbettercraZ"
"My husband (32M) does not comprehend empathy/being empathetic I'm done hiding this shit, because things aren't getting any better in my (30F) 8 year long relationship. Really don't care if he sees this. I really don't think he and I are meant to be. We have complete opposite personalities and are unable to fulfill each others' needs. From my perspective, I feel any positive change in our relationship would require a complete personality overhaul on his part, and it's unfair to him for me to expect that. I recognize I haven't been the perfect wife, but now that I finally understand my relationship needs and my shortcomings, I truly don't believe he can meet them. I don't expect him to change just for me. That's a completely unhealthy response.  I want and need a lot of emotional support and would have gladly accepted that from him a few years ago. But now, I don't find him attractive anymore. The thought of having sex with him and even affectionate touching repulses me and not just because I find him physically unattractive, but I no longer find his personality attractive. I don't know why I feel that way, because I used to find him so attractive and loved being physical with him. I feel I can't ask for emotional support at this point in the relationship, because it seems so unauthentic from him. We have been going to marriage counseling weekly for 2 months now, and I see no improvements in our relationship. I've benefited more from my solo counseling sessions than anything. I really don't know what I'm asking for here. I'm just feeling so discouraged, because I feel like it's too late to repair anything, and I'm not sure that I even want to.  If anyone can provide words of wisdom, I'd appreciate that."
Anyone else waitin for lax to kick in? I'm so tired n I jus want to sleep but I'm so bloated n need to shit tht is all.  Jus wondering if I'm alone in this or nah
"I just gave my number to a girl! I had just gotten off the subway and had to get on the bus, I saw this cute girl and we sat together on the bus, I thought about it for a while and said to myself ""if she doesn't get off on this stop, I'll give her my number"" and when she didn't get off I wrote ""I like you style, if you want to get to know each other here's my number"" and handed it to her just before I got off the bus.   Pretty sure she's not gonna text or anything but this huge for me, my hands are still shaking and I just wanted to share!"
"Big Income Gap Between Me (28 M) &amp; Girlfriend (28 F) of 2 Years (500k/year vs. 40k/year). Everyone judges our relationship and it's frustrating.  Hey everyone.  About a year ago I posted that my gf and I were planning on moving in together. We didn't end up moving in together due to outside circumstances but that's besides the point: we're very happy together, I took a lot of that advice on board and with my gf's support, my business grew even more which is fantastic (and her job bumped up too).  So this isn't a post about any issues we're having. It's more just a rant I guess. I make $500k/year and she makes $40k/year. It's not a problem for us but everyone else who isn't close to us seems to have an opinion on the relationship.  ""Oh she's only with him for the money.""  ""She is only with him because he buys her stuff.""  ""She's just a leech who lives off of his money.""  Which couldn't be further from the truth. I give my gf no money at all and since we don't live together, she's entirely responsible for all of her living expenses. And if some surprising bill for her comes up and I offer to pay, she *always* turns the money down. And no, I don't buy her stuff, ever. Yet everyone seems to make this assumption that she's leeching off of me and must only be interested in me for money.  And god forbid anyone hear we went on vacation. I don't buy her stuff but I will happily pay for her to come with my on vacation. When most people find out we went anywhere, the first thing they ask is ""did she pay her way?"" And when I say no, they look at me disapproving and make some comment implying she is using me.  But it's nothing like that at all: when you have the income like I do, you want to do things most people can't afford. I'd rather go on vacation with her than without her and since it's no problem for me to pay for her to come then that's how I'd like to spend my money.  The same for dates. I cover most dates (although sometimes she'll surprise me with tickets/dinner/drinks) and she thanks me each and every time, and I thank her each and every time for coming with me and being very supportive, and yet everyone will always ask if we went out for dinner not did you have a great time, but ""did she pay for half?"" *Sigh.*  Our close friends don't think this: they are very supportive of our relationship and the issue of money never comes up. But for everyone else: this is what they immediately think.  Again, not looking for advice. Just ranting :/  **TL;DR: My gf &amp; I have a big income gap and most people assume I pay for her life and she's only with me because I buy her things which isn't true and while we're happy, I just wanted to get that off my chest and get support.**"
"What gives?! I'm sure you've all noticed while scrolling down the ""new"" posts tab, the SAME fuckin stories posted over and over and over! I know I am teetering on the edge of committing the same offense with how close to a '*this sub has changed*'-post this is but Jee Whiz!    By the way, you guys seeing all these fuckin kids demanding harsher gun laws, despite the fact that the [numbers](http://www.politifact.com/new-york/statements/2018/mar/12/john-faso/do-illegal-gun-owners-commit-most-gun-crime-rep-fa/) of violent crimes committed by lawful gun owners are significantly lower than violent crimes committed by persons who obtained their firearms illegally? Meanwhile, TPTB are laughin it up, smoking cigars and cheers-ing their goyim blood goblets."
"ADHD and Visual disturbances  POSTING AGAIN DUE TO AWARENESS  Do you see millions of dots moving in your vision(tv static/noise)? Then you may suffer from visual snow syndrome.  Other symptoms of visual snow syndrome are:  * Afterimages * Seeing circles and starbursts around streetlight * Light flashes in eye * Blue field entoptic phenomenon (worms in blue sky) * Light sensitivity * Sound sensitivity * Tinnitus (earringing) * Numbness and tingling  Visual snow appears most of the time after a trauma, panic attack or medication use/withdrawal.  According to research hyperexcitibility of the visual part of the brains are responsible for these problems. It has nothing to do with the eyes. [https://www.visualsnowinitiative.org](https://www.visualsnowinitiative.org/)"
"Summer Camp Lunches &amp; Peanut Butter Hi there,  I’m looking for some quick advice, so my apologies for not scrolling deeply to see if this has been posted before.  8yo went to a new weekly summer camp this week, and it requires that we pack her a lunch. No biggie, except we just moved into a new house, and our kitchen hasn’t been found yet. So we splurged and got Uncrustables, the coveted lunchtime treat, for the week just to make life a bit easier.   However, she got home today and said that she wasn’t allowed to eat her sandwich because of allergies and because they were under the same tent, it wasn’t safe.  We have no problem accommodating allergies! We were on a sun butter and special bread diet for most of 4K and Kindergarten due to really specific allergies in her room. However, not one piece of info came home establishing a nut free camp. Also, if it was because they were under the same tent (like the party kind, not the camping kind), wouldn’t it have been easier to scoot her elsewhere and have her wash her hands well?  What I’d like some advice on is this: is it unreasonable to ask the staff tomorrow why she wasn’t allowed to eat her lunch and why we weren’t told about it?  Ultimately, she had plenty of food. I went a bit overboard with veggies and fruit, so she was just fine. It’s more about the lack of communication on camp expectations on lunches that’s frustrating."
"Help with weight gain Hello,  I was wondering if there was a good delivery service similar to blue apron that’ll help me gain weight.  I would like a delivery service where I can make food that’ll help with weight gain and muscle. I am naturally a skinny guy and have a hard time gaining weight. Is there a service to delivery food that will give me a lot of calories for the week?"
"I’m a juggalo (Fan group of the rap band ICP) and the fbi labeled us as a gang, what do I need to worry about? I was concidering getting a tattoo of the classic axe man on my arm and some decals for my car, but I heard cops can pull you over just for the symbol or get fired from my job. I have no idea what the gang laws are out there, are these true and is there anything else I should know about?"
"somebody know how I can deal with loneliness? My best friend is missing and he is also my only friend. It's not the first time this happened, but I feel so fucked rn and I need smth to make me feel fine. Idk what to do, pls help me."
"I feel like a worse person than me from a year ago I’ve gotten bad(I mean bad) acne and a few bad haircuts the past 5 months since my normal stylist quit and I just feel disgusted with myself. I rarely do things I used to love like skate and my confidence at school couldn’t be lower since my friends all went to different schools after middle school. I just wish I could feel like the old me. The best way to explain my mental state right now is as if there’s 2 parts to my brain fighting each other. On good days I feel like I’m in control, but On bad days I feel like I’m just doing “things” while constantly overthinking. I’ll have thoughts I don’t want to have. It’s like my brain is fighting my conscious. Usually I hate venting because it makes me feel weak and I wonder how the old me would feel about this and I just hope someone could give me any advice to improve my state at the moment. Thank you for reading if you did."
Does god make mistakes on purpose? Today while I was going through my depressive thoughts it came through my mind what if god makes mistakes on peoples life on purpose so they kill themselves and set a chain of events on other peoples life either good or bad that makes those people do what they are meant to do.   Idk im crazy might be...
"A very tough day😞 So after finishing high school (last years 13 November) I’ve become a very social anxious person. I even skipped my school farewell/graduation because of that. 90% of my holidays  I had stayed home and did drugs to use as an escape from reality. Today I had to go to my Universty for something and it was a really tough day for me.   I kept my head down while walking and my hand on my face while travelling in the train because I was so fucking nervous. It was a straight up sickening experience, although smoking some weed before going to university made me feel better and helped me relax a little.   Now im starting my university on teusday and I’m so fucking anxious about it. I can’t stop thinking about it. I have no idea how I’m going to be able to do that, I’ll probably need to stay high all the time to get through my days.   I know this sounds simple “just go to your uni, it’s simple and everyone does it” but for me this is a very hard, scary thing to do. Hopefully everything goes fine"
[Activities]Looking for a tutor(free) for 12th grade Physics f17 If anyone can help please pm
"Hey guys,I have been very recently diagnosed with depression and anxiety. I have been struggling with problems for around 1.5 year, and only now it came to light that it is psychologically, not physical. With my state worsening severely in last 2-3 months, I have noticed something. When I get the attack, I have problems with speech, I talk slowly, struggle with saying/pronouncing certain words/letters. Can anxiety/depression because this during the attack? I have found that this happens to people with a stroke, but I have not had a stroke, all medial tests were negative. Thank you all for any kind of advice, if not allowed, I will delete this post. Can depression/anxiety attack because this?"
"I’ve been through a lot of physiological trauma when I was younger and I was diagnosed with “Major Depressive disorder” So Finding something to make me happy was really hard. But then Came this damn girl. This girl was beautiful,Sweet,Funny,and cute and many other things I can’t even describe. Her and I began talking last year but we kinda fell off for a while. But two months ago her and I started Talking again. And almost instantly we started flirting and acting almost like a couple. And after a while I grew a very deep love for her. So I decided to man up and ask her out! I finally let out my feelings (Which is very hard for me to do). But after all the things she said (which implied that she really liked me). She rejected me. And Immediately I went into that deep hole of depression and humiliation. Was her flirting just a part of her personality? I have no idea. And considering that this happened about 3 hours ago i’m still feeling pretty crappy. I don’t know what I expect from posting this. But I just really needed a way to release my mental pain before It turns into physical Pain."
Why did you tie a calculator to the back of your dog? I wanted a friend I could count on...
"I [24F] am having issues with my SO [24M]   Okay, here it goes...    This is embarrassing for me to post here, but recently I [24 F] and my boyfriend [24 M] have been having issues and I have every reason to believe that he might be cheating on me. I have never been the type to be that toxic person who can’t trust their own partner. I’ve never used a roundabout method of gaining information about their personal life as I see that as really unethical.      However, recently my partner has taken up wanting to ask me questions about every friend or acquaintance that I have, and acting highly suspicious of me when I know that I haven’t done anything. Recently he even grabbed my phone and started looking through it for “evidence” but he could not find anything. I find this behavior weird not only because it’s toxic, but because it almost seems like it’s a deflection technique as I have never cheated on him or given him any reason to be doubtful of me.      So this gets even weirder when I’m sitting there the other day and he tries to do it again, when I say “show me what’s in your phone, because it doesn’t feel very good when you’re with someone who can’t trust you.” He refuses, will not tell me the lock code on his phone, and immediately shuts me down. I have never looked in his phone, so this leads me to believe that maybe I’m right about the whole deflection technique and he’s been hiding something this whole time.     I know what you’re thinking...I know that I really shouldn’t be with someone who displays this kind of behavior and I’m not sure if it’s worth my time...but for what it’s worth, I love him a lot, have been with him for a long time and had plans to create a future with him. I have tried simply talking to him about his behavior and asking why he continues to be secretive about his phone and his personal life ever since the incident, and I can’t get anywhere with it and am shut down every time.      I just want to know what I’m dealing with. If it’s porn in his browsing history, I’m alright with it. If it’s him venting to his mother about our relationship issues, I’m alright with it. But I’d like to know what has been going on. I still can’t get into his phone and would have never considered doing something like that but now the secrecy is starting to sting really deep. I lay there in bed and it prevents me from sleeping at night because it’s all I think about. I have to know whether this relationship is worth giving anymore time to or not.      Reddit, what are some creative ways to handle this situation? Really, I’m just looking for advice. Thank you.    tl;dr    that my significant other is highly secretive all the while accusing me, I’m pretty sure it’s a deflection technique and I’m looking for creative ways to deal with the situation."
"Should I go to the ER or can I go to urgent care? I'm not really a suicide risk atm, but my depression has gradually worsened over the past six months to the point I'm missing work, not wanting to do household chores, and avoiding friends and family. I have depression, anxiety, and bpd (with a hx of self harm and alcohol dependence), but I had to stop medications and psych care a year ago due to finance constraints. I was functioning at first, but gradually my depression and alcohol addiction has worsened.  My husband got a job recently that has insurance benefits and we're having to start over with a new doctor and (for me) psychiatric care. We won't see our new MD till February (earliest appt we could get), and the only local outpatient mental health clinic my husband's insurance will cover requires a referral. My previous psych doctor  isn't covered by our insurance and won't see me asap since so much time has passed. I'd like a referral and maybe medications to get me by until I can get a psych appt.  My only two options are the local ER or Urgent care. I don't really care for the ER; I'm afraid they won't do anything for me unless I'm a suicide risk, and I'd hate to take away from any real emergencies that may come in. Also...I'm scared of being hospitalized and losing my job as a result. However, I don't know if urgent care can help me either since I'm not sure if the providers there can/would deal with mental health issues. I have the records and medication list from my previous encounter (psych hospitalization over a year and a half ago) that I planned to take to wherever I go.  I just know I need to do something; it's getting harder to function and keep my emotions together. I'm also worried it's starting to affect my marriage. While I'm not planning suicide atm, I worry about my mental state if I put off treatment longer. I feel like the ER or Urgent care would be the quickest options to get the care I need started back up again. What do you guys think?"
"Today I suddenly felt lonely I was eating out by myself and then I went home. When I went home I saw so many people enjoying the weather, eating and hanging out. And I was just passing by. It's a great day to be together with people but instead I am at home feeling lonely. It sucks to be honest. Normally I don't get this feeling because I stay inside. But today was different."
"Meditation and Self-image    Hi r\\Meditation,  I study in a neuroscience-related field and the mind has always been my number one curiosity.  I've been  meditating for almost 4 years now, stuck with the headspace app for  almost the entire time but I've not been constant as I wished. My  meditation journey in the last year has been accompanied by a lot of  reading about mindfulness, free will and consciousness (loved the work  of Sam Harris and Joseph Goldstein) and that has definitely deepened my  understanding and my practice. I arrived at a point where I was truly  content of my life and just smiling while walking back home after a  normal day and it felt truly amazing. I was, I thought, truly accepting  of my self and that could have not been broken.  I  talk with the past here because for several reasons that feeling and  all the mindfulness I built up faded away in the last 6-7 months. I  don't want to go into the specific issue because I don't think is really  important here but this feeling is correlated with something in my  image (I mean esthetic image) that changed and will probably keep  changing  for me in the mirror and at the same time what the other will  see quite deeply change. After that realization, my mind has started to  be more and more cloudy to the point that I recognize the fact I was not  thinking ""straight"" anymore all day long and other aspect of my life  are slowly crushing, nowdays I do feel quite miserable. Meditation has  started to be more and more difficult and found my self sit less and  less despite the fact that I try really hard to be mindful and frame my  issue in several different ways.  I  started to relate my problem in meditating as if meditation let me down  in some way. With all the work I have done to abandon the illusion of  the self, to accept every thought that came across my mind here I am  being deeply unsettled by my image in the mirror, about the fear of  being rejected. Even more specific I'm afraid of the future because I  can't live in the present. What if my image will get worse? What and how  far should I push my self trying to fix this situation on an outside  world perspective and how much should I just hope to solve it from the  inside? Even more why my image is so important to me?  I  feel that my illusory happiness was not mindfulness or any higher state  of consciousness but just depend on the state which I was in at that  moment in which everything was going relatively well.  I  thought about posting this for long but I was worried of launching a  negative message which is really not my scope but I curious to know if  I'm the only one.  I wish you well to all of you and thanks for all the good message and insights that are here for everybody to read."
"Depression and dropping out Hi. Sorry for the formatting I’m on mobile and i simply want to get this out on a throw away but. I’m 17 and from Australia. Im turning 18 soon and I’m heavily considering on dropping out of my last year senior.   My depression and thoughts of suicide are making it hard for me to actually go, do work and take care of myself. My parents aren’t happy, and they’re abusive as hell. Which only adds to my depression.   My question is, should i wait it out? Im scared but I can’t take the pressure of school anymore. Did any of you regret dropping out cause of depression?  TL;DR parental abuse and school is making me depressed, want to drop out of hs. Should i?"
"I’m (25F) having doubts about my relationship with my boyfriend (26M). I’m (25F) having doubts about my relationship with my boyfriend (26M). We’ve been dating for 3 years now.  Without going into too much detail, I’ve been noticing more and more red flags lately that have me second guessing if this is the man I want to marry. I realize this is something I need to talk to him about but I’m trying to figure out the best way to bring this up. For the most part we are very happy and this is something I don’t want to bring up with him just out of the blue.    TL;DR: having doubts about my relationship and I don’t know how to bring it up so we can talk about it."
"If I only do a full-body workout, will I ever hit plateau? So my question is: if I do a full body workout everytime I go to the gym, will I ever stop gaining muscle? I ask because this whole ""muscle confusion"" thing never really made sense to me because your muscles don't really know you are doing something different, but I still wanted to ask if I will ever get into like a plateau stage where I just stop gaining. Of course I always increase my weight as needed."
"""Sunday night I'm killing myself"" A girl I've been talking to for half a year now sent me this tonight.  ""I’ve been planning this since before we even met so this is a thing that’s happening please don’t try to talk me out of it because I’ve heard it all""  It's been brought up before once, but as a thing in the past that she's not planning to do anymore and it struck me as a surprise. I have no idea what to reply. I want to save her, if it's possible. Could I get any advice, please?  She lives in another country than I do, I don't have any contact with her family/friends, and apparently I'm the only one she told about this."
Getting this out of my brain I'm very lonely. I miss my husband.   I hardly get to see him anymore.  I don't want to talk about it.  I just needed to tell someone I'm lonely.
"I do not even know why I am making this post, but I took like 30 blood pressure pills, chewed them, then had this moment of existential panic. Id been sitting with the pills in my hand for like an hour before taking them because I was scared of what my mum would think if I died. So I spat them out after I chewed them and just stayed awake for 4 hours, thinking. Now I am scared of what is going to happen because I stole my mums pills and she is eventually going to find out. I just failed to commit suicide"
"If we started using a new american currency , what would happen to the national debt? Just wondering how this would work exactly. I know theres basically no chance this is going to happen, but if it did, how would it work? what would happen to the national/personal debts? what about all the people trading/holding federal reserve notes? Any info would be appreciated. Have  a good 420 guys"
"Venting about my husband working late I just need to vent. I'm a stay at home parent to two children under 3. My husband works a corporate job about 45 minutes away. We generally do a great job with division of household labor and feel good about our respective roles.   However, lately, my husband has been working later than usual. He hardly acknowledges it and gets defensive when I do. We are often in touch in the late afternoon regarding when he is planning on leaving, since that can make a big difference in what my evening will look like. IE: Will I have to make dinner while holding a child? Will I have to put them to bed by myself? But he is either not good at estimating when he will get home or he is just plain dishonest. He'll tell me 6:30 and will walk in the door at 7:15.   I've told him how hard this makes my evenings. That, even though it's only 30minutes-1hour, it's a long time with two hungry and worn out kids. Evenings tend to be when toddlers kind of fall apart, especially if something goes not according to the plan they had in their little heads (like seeing Daddy or getting a bath).   He says he doesn't have a choice. That he intends to leave, but that a coworker starts talking to him or someone needed something. This feels like he is putting his co-worker's needs ahead of his family's needs. If he can say to me, ""Just hold off a bit, they need me here"" (except he doesn't say it... Just shows up later), why can't he say to his co-workers, ""Let's put a pin in this until tomorrow, my family needs me at home"".   I dunno. I'm partly venting. But can any working parents give their perspective?"
"Remember the time when you were just normal? I think I know the exact day it ALL started, I know where I was sitting and I I had physics. What about you?"
"I'd like to discuss Kyle Odom... For those who don't know, Kyle Odom is an ex-marine who spoke confidently about reptilian/martian beings walking among us and influencing this reality. There's a manifesto out there penned by Kyle that goes into great detail about extraterrestrials living below the Earth's surface whose technology is millions of years beyond our understanding. They're said to control the world as we know it.   I know this is a well known subject so i'm not going to bombard you with the whole Kyle Odom saga so here's the talking points i think need to be discussed:  1) His credibility. I'm team ""I WANT TO BELIEVE"" but why should we believe him? His conviction in his writing smells of some sort of authenticity but as rational thinking humans it deserves to be picked apart.   2) Has anyone else on this sub ever had any similar experiences through meditation? Under the stipulation that meditation as a conduit for contact with other beings is feasible.   3) The point that sent me down the rabbit hole...the pastor. I mean, if i were shot six times with the final blow being a point blank .45 to the face, I would assume I were not of this world. How in gods name (sans pun) could the pastor have survived that kind of lead assault? Maybe he was right...  Anyway, floors open. Gimme your thoughts."
"An Interesting Title I've been going through alot lately. Normally I can cope. I've been on my own sense I was 17, held a full time job and finished college. I have stable living, good job, dont need anything.  In a instant I've had what seems like my life taken from me. A bad case of mistaken identity, me being to nice for my own good, and a corrupt system...  I was on my motorcycle just out for a stroll, I got ice cream, stopped at the park and relaxed. After I got home I was dragged from my apt and left in a cell for 28hrs. Being told I was a criminal and I am going to prison for 5 years.  Fast forward, the lawyer manages to make a deal with the prosecutor. On account of my non existence of a record, not even a speeding ticket, the courts let me off ""easy"" even though I'm innocent. 3 months jail, and a year of probation.  I dont know how I can keep going...I'm going to loose everything I've worked for and I am going to be branded a federal felon for the rest of my life.  I haven't slept in days, every time I eat I want to puke, my body is always shaking.  Yesterday I wrote my goodbyes to my two friends and left them layed out on my desk.  I think I want to go to sleep, just dont wake up tomorrow."
"Anxiety in relationships Background: my boyfriend has cheated on me/lied to me more times than I can count in the past. We have moved forward in our relationship, although my anxiety keeps me from truly feeling happy. I am constantly in a state of panic and worry about whether or not it will happen again. I can feel myself breaking down more and more. When I try to talk to him about it, he says he isn’t my therapist and shouldn’t have to constantly reassure me that he loves me and isn’t doing anything behind my back.... although I disagree and feel like he SHOULD have to do that considering he is the one who put me in this place..   Looking for any advice, or even just empathy. Hoping I’m not the only person who feels crazy all the time for needing my person to be there.."
the state of the world has me wishing my attempt in january would’ve actually been successful title pretty much says it all but i’m so hopeless with everything going on and just by the looks of it nothing is gonna get better anytime soon so honestly what’s the point? nothing is gonna be the same after covid is controlled and it just seems like i live in some dystopian novel and i just want to escape it
"Illinois Gun law question I’m 18 and live in Illinois, I wanted to build a glock 34, is it legal for me to buy a kit online and do it myself(I have a foid card) and do I need to register it. Will I be able to take it to the range.   If no.....  Could my mother(with a foid card) buy a G34 and gift it to me, then would it be legal for me to take it to the range. Thanks!"
I don't belong here. That I don't belong here. I suck at my job. Someone just made sure to make a fool of me in front of everyone in the office. The only person I love in my 23 years of existence doesn't like me anymore. I have no dreams. I have no talent or skill. I am extremely insecure. I've lost touch of most of my friends from the past. I know I will lose all my friends I have now. My family is poor and is expecting more money from me soon.  What point is there to being alive?
"I (23f) feel awful for being tempted to cheat on my boyfriend (35m) last night, giving this guy my instagram, and still thinking about him this morning... I went out for a friends birthday last night, my boyfriend didn’t come with me. He has a daughter and she was at ours last night, plus he didnt really wanna come anyway, he’s over 10 years older than me and not really into coming out partying with my friends. Anyway I got kinda drunk, and there was a guy there who  was really hot and was hitting on me. We danced and sat and talked for a while, there was a spark between us and I was tempted. My friend came over and pulled me to the side and reminded me not to do anything I’ll regret, even though she doesn’t think the relationship I’m in right now is good for me. I told her I wouldn’t let anything happen and after that I told him I have a boyfriend and I should probably go. I went to book an Uber and he came and said I didn’t need to leave, he asked me for my number and I said I can’t I’ve got a boyfriend, so he was like ok, what’s your Instagram then, so I gave to him.   I’m glad I didn’t let anything happen. I love my boyfriend, I think he’s gonna propose soon and we wanna try for a baby soon too. I don’t wanna throw away what I have with him, but sometimes I just miss being young and having fun. Not that we don’t have fun, I do have loads of fun with my boyfriend, our sex life is really good, he spoils the hell out of me and takes me to amazing places, we have a beautiful home and he’s the man I want to bring up a family with. It’s just hard not to be tempted sometimes. There’s also a lot of drama surrounding our relationship because of his ex, his daughter, and certain family members, sometimes I just wanna escape it all.   Anyway I just needed to get this off my chest cause I feel really guilty. Im laying in bed in a beautiful house that he’s paid for and hes just left to go work hard so he can give me and his daughter everything we want, yet I was tempted to cheat and still have this guy on my mind ugh   Tl;dr - I got tempted to cheat on my boyfriend last night, I didn’t, but I feel guilty"
"Anyone else who thinks they’re not HFA? I’m an autistic girl and I honestly think I’m not high functioning. More like between high and low functioning, does anyone else feel me? I can’t take care of myself even at basic stuff but I’m good at math and such for my age. I’m also horrible at social situations and frequently have big explosive meltdowns. I also tend to be pretty childlike in my interests outside academic stuff like physics."
Eating??? Does it count as self harm if I starve myself on purpose. I’m trying to be healthy but I binged put on pizza and chips and cookies around 11am in the afternoon . I didn’t eat anything else for the rest of the afternoon but I am starving. It hurt so much I couldn’t take it so I decided to eat just plain lettuce right now at around 11pm. Is that bad??
I need adivce I m a 18 yo male who plays video games with online friends alot but i m losing interest in the games and being alone makes me go crazy i remember i kicked a doors glass because i was in a rage about being alone anyway what should i do? also i ve several other problems so i cant be social in real life but i tried that too  I felt i needed to add i dont have any friends besides i play games with them and i feel alone when they play something without me and in a emergency case we dont have a suicide hotline in here so i would take advices about how to calm myself when i go raging
"Need Help with Understanding World Trade currency If USA is buying oil off of another country, how do we actually pay for it?  Do you go through a currency exchange or what do you do?  Do we trade is US dollars or the other countries currency?  Any information you have would be helpful in my research.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks."
So what’s the deal with Adam Schiff and the Standard hotel?? Can anybody shed any light
"Hope 2020 will be better for all of us I went out on NYE alone because I wanted to meet  some new people my age. Met some new people, not my age, and cried on the way home. Shout out to the people who passed me on the street and said Happy New Year, humans have a remarkable ability to recognize hurt in others. Shout out to the lady with a stroller I let go ahead of me (of course)  on the bus who asked if I'm OK because I look so sad. Sorry for lying and sorry that you had to see it.  I am hurting and it sucks to be alone. I hope 2020 and the future 10 years will be kind to me. Even with those comments from people I still felt invisible on the way home. The party dies down and I'm sure more is going on, but I wouldn't know where or who to go with. So I'm going to bed and it's the same old routine as usual. God help me."
"Lurker moving away from Edward Jones (another one) # Hello all and thanks for everything,  I have been lurking here for a while and like many of these types of stories go, I am in the process of transferring my assets (about $18,000 in mutual funds) over to VanGuard (I only have one account and they transfer 'in kind').  ​  I am not sure how the transfer works but I am guessing I will have to purchase new mutual funds now? What would be a good one to compete with the [MFS® Aggressive Growth Allocation Fund](https://www.mfs.com/en-us/individual-investor/product-strategies/mutual-funds/MAAGX-mfs-aggressive-growth-allocation-fund.html?tabname=tab-overview) that I have now?  ​  My goal is to get that compounding interest growth for the next 30 or 40 years (I am 24 yrs. old) and to get rid of that pesky 1% that EJ likes to skim off the top so that I can pay off my house and retire early.  ​  In addition to that, I have a pretty aggressive retirement plan, contributing something like 7% of my salary of $67,000, 2% into a traditional IRA and 5% into a Roth IRA.  ​  ​  ​  Hopefully, I can post this and it won't get removed!"
"Normal med side effects? Hi everyone, I posted on here last week to get opinions on Effexor as I was starting it and needed some reassurance. Fast forward to now and I’m taking 37.5 mg of Effexor each day. Today is day 3. I’m also still weaning off Zoloft- my doctor has me taking 50 mg every other day. She said I can discontinue it then next week but I may take 25 mg every other day for a week instead before stopping, just to make it a little easier on myself.  Since I started Effexor, I’ve been keeping track of side effects and this is what I’ve noticed so far-  (1/3) Day 1: very tired for several hours, nausea, surge of energy and jittery, shaky, lightheaded, hot and cold flashes   (1/4) Day 2: nausea, upset/sour stomach, tired for an hour or two, hot and cold flashes, poor appetite, heartburn/acid reflux   (1/5) Day 3: took 2 hours late- mild heartburn/acid reflux, stomach ache/gassy, nausea, headache, some nervousness,    The nausea, stomach upset, and headache/lightheadedness is most concerning to me and I was wondering if this is a normal side effect? My doctor said it’s okay for me to take Dramamine so I’ve been taking that each day and it helps so so much, I just notice these symptoms when it wears off and some of the nausea is still there through the day. I’m just wondering if I’ll deal with these symptoms forever now or if they’ll wear off...I notice my anxiety isn’t nearly as bad today, it’s just physically feeling like crap I don’t enjoy."
"Does my teacher hate me? Hi,  Im taking a standup comedy class and I have a sneaking suspicion that he doesn’t like me.  I’m probably the most advanced in my standup. I think he knows that but i’m not certain. Ive never taken a class with him. Ive done it before, while others are new to it. He’s curt with me compared to others, and whenever I email him, he never responds to me directly always to the group.   I have to do a 1on1 call with him because of the coronavirus, were going over material and I don’t want to do it. I just want to quit.  Any advice is helpful. I feel silly talking about it. I mean, Im a grown ass adult AND its not like its a real class. Any perspective that would lower my anxiety would help."
Hate The Time Period After Arguments I just had a spat with my roommate over the cat and everything is resolved but afterwards my anxiety is so high. I am worried that we aren't actually good and he secretly hates me. I'm an only child who grew up without many friends so I'm not used to arguments. And I've had so many friendship ending arguments sometimes I feel like *every* argument is friendship ending. I'm so worried about being wrong all of the time.
"Woke up feeling literally insane I’ve been wrestling my pure OCD and these dark and twisted intrusive thoughts and the urge to escape my mind is so strong that I feel a panic attack is around the corner. I’ve never felt this insane before in my entire life...:,("
I academically referenced a former partner once. It was exciting.
Vipassana Meditation Who here has gone to a Vipassana Meditation Retreat??? What was your experience like??  I’m starting one tomorrow and I’m so excited!!  I’ll probably make videos after my experience so if you want to hear about it here’s the link:  😊🙏🏽❤️   https://youtu.be/_YPwhiYAg6s  [Vipassana](https://youtu.be/_YPwhiYAg6s)
"My [24M] boyfriend [23M] has no social life and it's driving me nuts My bf and I have been together for about 9 months now. I really care about him and the relationship is to the point where we are discussing moving in together once our leases expire. He is super respectful and kind and I often think to myself how lucky I am to be with someone as caring and genuine as him.  The only problem is that I am someone who values time apart, and he is not. Every time I go out with my friends, he wants to come along. My friends have tried to invite him out without me (because they know about this problem), and he won't go unless I go. I have tried to encourage him to make friends at work, but he says his work has too much of a ""douche culture"" and has no interest. I went away on vacation for 2 weeks and he literally sat at home and did nothing while I was gone. We texted back and forth while I was away but he was messaging me so frequently that I didn't really feel we had time apart at all.  I really don't know what to do. I tell him I like space, and he respects that, but I start to feel an immense amount of guilt because his roommates are the last people on earth who don't know he's gay so while I'm having fun by myself or with my friends, I keep thinking about how he's just alone at home waiting for me to come back and it makes me feel smothered. It also results in him sleeping at my place 5-6 nights a week, which I simultaneously love but get annoyed by because I don't have space to myself.  How can I make more of an effort to get him to make more friends and have a life of his own? Please help!  TL;DR: My boyfriend doesn't have his own social life which causes him to depend on me. I feel smothered and none of my suggestions help the situation. What else can I do?"
"Just joined and not gonna lie... I saw 200,000 members I really expected there to be no posts..."
"Feeling bad about my actions I went camping this Spring Break with family and students. It’s a camping trip our school holds for our students and staff. I went with my kids and had a blast. I noticed two of my older students were sitting with the adults at night near the bonfire , looking bored and I was going to sit in the playground my with kids (15, 9 and 7) to keep an eye on them. I asked them If they want to join us and they said yes. So I sat on the playground on my phone, just watching the kids playing with my kids. Mom comes and drags them off, looking at me like I did something wrong. Then it hit me that an adult female calling them out seems wrong and I feel so bad that the mother probably thought I was going to do something to her kids! The other parents know me and trust me to watch their kids, but that mother worries me.  Then I had another instance at the children’s museum with my kids, there’s an outside cabin with samples of birds and insects with sand all over the place. I wore sandals and I got sand in my feet. There’s a water thing near by the exhibit and I just went to a shallow puddle to clean my feet. I didn’t notice a baby next to me and the mother screamed the child’s name and dragged her away from me. I felt so bad too and apologized but the mother just looked at me in disgust. I walked away and waited until they left and went back with my kid to wash off my feet.  I’m not a bad Person. I love kids and I work with them and I would never do anything to a child but why is it that everyone thinks I am a pedo? I have my own children and I’m a female 27 y/o."
"Getting my mom her citizenship. Hello, so when i was young my brother and i lost my mother's passport on a bus in Texas. She was born in Mexico but was able to acquire her passport and come over. Here she had my brother and i.   After we lost her passport she's stayed here in Texas in fear of being deported. But she's been here for more than 30 years. She hasn't done anything illegal and she's been trying to find information on how to get it back. I'm tired of her having a crappy job and i want her to be able to travel to the town we're in without being scared.   My brother and i are legal U.S. Citizens and we're currently attending college after serving in the armed forces. Is   Is there anything we can do to help her and how much would it cost to get her citizenship back. Everything we read usually states that to bring parents in. But what if they're in her situation?  Thank you so much for your help."
"Psychiatrist dismissed suicidal ideation on Strattera. Need advice I've been on Strattera for two years. I take 40 mg twice a day. In may of 2017 I stopped taking the meds ( I thought I could handle my ADD symptoms without it) I was wrong. Starting taking it again in August and around September/November I started feeling suicidal. I came up with a few plans. Troubleshoot a few of them, became a recluse. My friend noticed I wasn't myself and told me to see my therapist. My therapist contacted my doctor who referred me to a new psychiatrist (My old one retired) I met with the psychiatrist. She told me my thoughts were because I didn't taper up to my original dose and dismissed my concerns. I want to switch to a different non-stimulant because I didn't like feeling that way but she hasn't taken any of my concerns seriously. She started me back on Strattera at 40mg. I'm scared to start taking it but I'm in nursing school and having issues focusing. I need advice on what to do. I don't know who else to turn to."
"Is this anxiety? Or could it be something else? I'm a web developer, and since a week or so I've had strange feelings at work, I wake up normally, with the best intentions, but then when I have to start work I can't seem to get anything done. I try to focus on a smaller task but I fail at completing it, I can't focus for longer then 10 seconds and I give up immediately, and that repeats itself the whole day. Today and yesterday I did near to nothing, I become really tired as well (slept over 10 hours yesterday), but I'm still tired, I seem to have no willpower as well, I keep on eating candy at work, something that I can normally say no to.  What is this?"
"I can't even post a casual rant for a television show My opinion is wrong, everything I say is wrong. It seems so small but it's just another straw on the camel's back. I can't hold an opinion without being told it's invalid, incorrect. A small simple rant and the comments are fucking novels.  I really can't wait to die because the rest of the world is just like this. Even in friendly, supposedly, communities.  Thanks, Reddit, for reminding me to keep my mouth shut, my head down, and the cuts fresh."
! I want to fucking die. I don’t have any social media besides reddit and I feel like screaming that at the top of my lungs. I want to fucking DIE. I’m tired. I’m done. I’m angry. I hate life. There that’s it. I hate everything I wanna die.
"Everyone describes depression, but what is it like to not have it? Title says all"
"I'm tired of my life I'm 24 years old and my life has been a series of failures. I'm not a very social person I've been like this ever since I was a kid, for most of my life I didn't have any friends. Even now I don't think I really have friends just acquaintances. No one ever asks about me, even my family stopped asking when someone contacts me it's usually because they want something from me or need me to do something for them. I'm a collage drop out and been working dead beat jobs that I hate with a passion. I used to be in a relationship that lasted 3 years but the other person dumped me because I was boring and  their friends didn't like me. I've pretty much gave up on dating and taking care of myself. I tried to reconnect with my family but they really don't care about how I feel they only care about what people think of me and not to ruin the family's name so we don't really get along. My conversation with the family are very brief and always end in awkward silence. I've been spending most of time alone in my room and lost interest in everything. My days are a slow blurr cause I don't do much. I used to spend most of my free time playing video games cause they distracted me a bit from how much I hate my life. Things have gotten worse lately and I've been spending all my time outside of work rotting away in my bed. I don't ever remember myself crying but lately I've been crying everyday on the drive back from work and I've been having a lot of suicidal thoughts and I'm scared and don't know what to do. I don't have any friends or family to talk to and I'm piss broke and can't afford a tharapist. I tried to look for free help online but it usually leads to a person telling me to pray my thoughts away."
"I fucking hate my life My dad was abusive, my mom called the cops on him about 3 weeks ago, he got sent in a psychiatric ward. We left our house immediately, moved out in a day with no warning because we were scared. I live 30 minutes away from my old house, none of my friends have come to visit me, I spend my days sleeping and eating and watching shows if I have the energy.   One of my best friends was a bitch to me, literally told me no one felt bad for me. I really don’t need people to feel bad for me. Just someone to talk to for God’s sake!!! I’m so lonely. I have no one to talk to. I have no one. I could kill myself and no one would notice except my mom. My dad has told everyone included the woman he cheated on my mom with and my grandma that I’m not his daughter.... I mean I never liked him so it’s not devastating but that shit still stings. There’s legitimately no one who cares about me. I told another friend how I felt they told me to accept it and move it on.   I can’t get this feeling out of my chest, I just really want to sleep for a long long time. I want a therapist but we’re broke since we had to move out. I just don’t even know where to go or what to do. I just feel like a lonely, self-pity-party throwing, girl-with-daddy-issues bitch. And my life is a like a shitpost"
"I really need some advice Hey everyone, I am currently on spring break and I decided to spend it with my ex girlfriend of 8 years. I broke up with her in Mid-January because I found out she was cheating on me. I nearly killed myself multiple times.   So my naive-self thought that there was a chance to spark the relationship back as she would on and off text me. She asked me to go on a vacation and now I am with her.   So I found out she is going out with the guy so has cheated on me with and right now I’m basically stuck here for another two days filled with anxiety and regret. I found out because she told me to take a picture of her on her cellphone and he texted “I love you too” while I was doing so. She brought up about the topic herself and basically lied to my face that she doesn’t like him anymore and that he already has a girlfriend. She made up that story as I know he was persueing her during my relationship with her while she was at her school.   Do I confront her about it or basically just ride the pain to not make anything more awkward? Do I tell her on the last day that we shouldn’t talk to each other anymore?"
Weird heart pounding Anyone else experience this? I’m laying down and I can feel my heart beat and every so often one of the beats kinda feels like a pop? Idk how else to explain it. It could also be my acid reflux but it feels like it’s my heart beat. I’ve had anxiety all day so idk if this is normal or not
"As the memes about eating tidepods die down I've noticed something, A lifetime supply of tidepods is really cheap Because, if you are eating them, that's one tidepod."
"The person that I'd like to spend the rest of my life with agreed to marry me but I still dont feel good It's been a few days since and I feel empty all the time. I'm supposed to feel happy, but I feel like it cant be real, and I don't deserve it, and it cant work out because I shouldnt get a happy ending. I care about this person so much and I'm scared that they dont care about me like I do for them.  Things are supposed to be happy but they arent."
My panic attacks and anxiety force me to do certain things that really disrupt my day. Does anyone know of a way to deal with panic attacks when you feel them coming on? I'm sorry if this post doesn't fit here I'm not very good with putting things in the right places. Posting on Reddit is one of my triggers.  I've been having a lot of trouble getting on the underground commuting to and from work. I've tried my best to do anything to calm myself down whenever I'm on there but things only seem to work for a certain amount of time. I'm currently doing breathing exercises and it worked for a while but its use is slowly wearing off. Does anyone else have any techniques that have helped them in similar situations? The route cause of my attacks is the feeling I'm going to spontaneously go to toilet. It's sounds silly I know but for some reason I'm fixated on it.  Sorry again if I've broken any of the rules of posting I'm pretty sure I haven't but I'm sorry if I have.   Thank you in advance.
Has this sub solved and conspiracies? Been an off and on lurker for a while and just curious if any major conspiracies have been been solves/uncovered by this sub.
"I just need to vent I just needed to vent somewhere so here is some incoherent rambling.  I've been studying programming, java specifically, for 1.5 years now and am at my second internship. God, it's bad. I can barely talk to anyone!  Me and another classmate are working on a project given to us by this company we're at, and wow it's not going good. I feel like I've misunderstood most of what the project was supposed to be and I'm over half-way through my internship. I'm terrified of asking for clarification or help. It feels like I'm going to be sick everytime I do it, and sometimes I just cry over how freaking dumb I am!!!   If my collegue/classmate is ever absent and I'm alone I get so anxious because there is no one else I dare to make small talk with and then I just sit there alone like a weirdo and like... sweat. :(  Lunchroom is also terrifying. Most people there are older dudes (I'm early twenties F) and I feel like I have nothing in common with them and I have no idea what to say. So for the most part I just sit there silently on my phone re-checking reddit/twitter every 5 minutes.  I'm just so sad because socializing and creating contacts is so important and I can't do it. Everyone is laughing and cracking jokes and I just sit there.   I'm graduating soon and It's so hard to imagine myself actually getting a job. I've never managed to hold a job for very long before quitting because of anxiety. What the fuck should I do?  I barely feel like a real person anymore."
"Im a drunkad, but still not? I can drink whenever, dont feel the rush to drink, i think...\*     I say i thino so, due to not feeling how everyone says it is?     But im 21, and drink quite alot, i can drink for 2 weeks in a row, and then be another 2 weeks without....     Is this alcoholism? If so... how do i pull it back a few strings?"
"A family member lied to me, along with an ex They (family) told me today that my ex has been sending them my personal posts from my blog for months. I feel so lost. My family were the only people I trusted. I hate that this disorder has made me psychotic and this has added to it. I don't know who to trust. I don't know who to tell. I'm scared I'm over reacting or being irrational. Sorry. I'm so hurt. I dated him over a year ago. I've blocked his IP several times. Sorry if I sound crazy. Does anyone have advice?"
"Mental Health Podcast I am starting a podcast centered around mental health. I am interested in telling people's stories- what they struggle with, how they live with it on a daily basis, and ways they find to cope. I'd love to hear your story, if you would like to share it."
"Landlord wants to hold some money that I gave to try and open a business This is in upper NY, not nyc.  So I was trying to open up a business. I gave the landlord a personal check of $25k to his personal name, not a corporation or anything, so I can start the procedure of opening up this business and as a way to show i was serious because he had many suitors. It was a handshake agreement, no paperwork or anything like that.   This was last week, things took a turn for me financially in the worst way and now I wont be able to open said business. So i called the landlord today and explained the situation and he said he still has my $25k but if i back out he has to keep some of it because he took time to type up the lease and that bc I gave him the $25k he told other perspective buyers the place wasn’t available anymore. Is this legal? Is there anything I can do? I’m in a really bad situation right now and can’t afford to lose any of that $25k"
"In this war I have waged inside my head, I begin to wonder what aspects have truly changed by my own will versus the changes that must be forced to be seen as socially acceptable. &amp;#x200B;I have come to understand that every area of psychology focuses on only a few key areas of supplication. Those areas being; this notion of fulfillment, extravertedness, emotional control and a generally positive disposition of others as a whole.&amp;#x200B;These 4 areas are explored more in depth through the practices of what is defined as ""Shadow work"" which is related to Carl Jung's concept of the shadow self. It is also similarly explored through something referred to as ""earned secure attachment"" or ESA for short. It is also the most fundamental aspect of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) as well as every modern form of therapy. &amp;#x200B;These 4 aspects, used to bombard the mind with thoughts and ideas that would encourage appropriate behavior. To supplicate the soul. &amp;#x200B;Allow me to divulge on each of these 4 aspects of self.&amp;#x200B;Fulfillment, being our most fundamental drive for purpose and reason. We often associate things such as power, finances, family, friendship, intimacy, attachment, love, acts of fulfillment such as in the arts (music, drawing, painting, photography, etc). Reasons for existence. &amp;#x200B;Extravertedness: our ability to maintain several outside connections. To be mentally safe and open around others, to rely upon others and allowing others to rely upon us.&amp;#x200B;Emotional control: emotions are messy and difficult in most occasions, thus you are asked to refrain from allowing certain emotions to be exposed or expressed. On the surface it is a rather simple notion. do not speak with rage, do not be jealous, do not be malicious. However, as with anything involving human interaction, it is more complicated than that. You might see this in someone is emotional response to death being laughter, or a person's reaction to rejection going nuclear and resulting in aggression or isolation. Such things are generally frowned upon and hence, rejected.&amp;#x200B;Positive disposition to others: you are required to view others in a generally ""good"" light. That others are worthy of trust, can be relied upon, are capable, are as conscientious as you are, things of that nature.&amp;#x200B;These are the measures of supplication. How well your mind has been beaten into submission. How well indoctrinated you are. These ideals of old do not ask about who you are nor what you want from this life. They are a rigid standard and if you do not adhere to it, then you must be sick in the head. There is no other solution. &amp;#x200B;However, knowing this, knowing that you desire to have some place in that system. To have those attachments and the security of it all. There are only two variables when it comes to the mind.&amp;#x200B;Either you are, or you are not. As much as they say there is no ""black and white"" their entire foundation of psychological understanding is built upon a black and white system. I do not say ""black and white"" as a reference to skin color, just to be clear. It is a measure between what is versus what is not. &amp;#x200B;So how can I figure out who I am when I know who society wants me to be and in knowing what is expected of me, how can I have that flexible sense of self and individuality? I know the biases that are present and I know the results they want to see, but what if that is not who I truly am? Or what if it does not matter? What if who I am is nothing more than what I am told to be?&amp;#x200B;There are only two roads. That of supplication and that of isolation. Supplication"
"why do i feel so alone :( i always feel like no one's interested at me, i feel like no one loves me, i feel like everyone's leaving me and giving up on me &amp; i don't know what's the reason. people around me be like, yes they are here by my side, then i get to love 'em then i get to be attached to that person, then once he/she leaves me for no reason, i always overthink, i get so sad to the point i cry hard wondering why people are always like that. :(  i'm feeling used and taken for granted. idk i'm just so useless. i feel so alone. right now i'm breaking down again. so tired of this kind of life."
"Is this anxiety? Hi there, i realized that i am afraid of people, or better said, afraid of what people think about me.  Even if i don't know them, even if i won't ever see them again, i am afraid of being myself when people are around(even on the street, i just feel pressured, i feel like i have to do something, i have to walk somewhere, everybody is doing something only i am clueless and can't even think of anything) all i want to do is be myself, but i feel like i am too different, and i want to cry(am afraid to cry, am afraid that people will look weird at me, or that they would be concerned and won't leave me alone, i just want to cry, not comforted for it, not be laughed at for it, just cry). On with the weirdness, i feel that i am so much different from others, i have so many urges to do ""weird"" things, like climb a tree or just stop there in the middle of walking and stay, or maybe observe someone(this is my worst, is it weird that sometimes i just want to look at people on the street?) but i can't do anything, i feel bound and forced to do ""normal"" things, to be ""normal"", not by anybody, just, by me and society(whatever that means). With what i do it's the same, i do things that i have to do, but i can't like what i do, i can't enjoy it, i just feel judged for anything i enjoy and can't do it and now i feel i am nowhere.  That's it, i'm lost.  TLDR: i am a scared paranoic slightly perfectionist, self-hating and hating this world, worthless cause i don't do anything beeing ranting above"
"Dear men with autism From a non-autistic person, allow to me say that you need to quit the sympathetic “people call me an incel” and “women won’t date me” bullshit. Stop using your autism as an excuse to be misogynistic and bigoted. You are incels because you are inherently an incel, not because of your autism. Stop playing victim because you are not. You autistic men are whiny entitled incels who annoy all of society. Take u/malten_sage for example. Probably the biggest incel of all who fakes having autism to pretend he is a victim and then uses it to justify his being an incel.   So next time someone calls you an incel; it’s not because of your autism. It’s because you’re an incel."
"How do you explain your anxiety to people in your life, like parents,bosses, and coworkers? Ever since I was a kid I always felt like I was doing something wrong even as little as eating dinner with my parents I’d try as hard as I could to not be noticed. Now as an almost 20 year old I’m still struggling every day and it’s to the point where it’s not getting any better. I work a stable job but I feel like I’m not giving my boss the emotions I’m feeling, she made it a point to tell me to have an amazing birthday and I’ll I could say was thank you so much. I’m literally scared of fucking everything from heights to sneezing in front of people it’s fucking ridiculous, believe  me I know. I have a very hard time opening up with people and the best way I can describe it is I feel like I never have anything important to say. I’m looking for better ways to explain why I’m so quiet to people or why I have nervous ticks like shaking or stuttering so I don’t just seem like I have no interest in talking to the person but literally can’t think of a damn thing worth talking about."
"Help with embarrassing moments? Today I misunderstood a question in my class and the professor brought attention to it (not in a dismissive way, it wasn’t rude or anything). The kids behind me made fun of me while I was walking out.   This isn’t a big deal, but how do I deal with embarrassment and making mistakes gracefully in the future? I know everyone goes through it, but I’m not sure how to approach it without getting really upset about it and thinking about it years later. My anxiety is making it way worse than it needs to be."
"Wife[38] of 1.5 years has given up. [TX] My wife and i have been married 9 months,  living together a year and half.  Backstory : she has 3 kids,  was married 18 years.  CS is paid on the youngest 2 now.  I purchased a house before we were together,  we have no joint bank,  gas bill is our only joint named bill.  She has decided to go back to her ex,  the children's father.  Is not interested in trying to reconcile things with us.  The house is solely in my name, kids are hers, and she has no primary named bill in her name.   What are my options here? Divorce proceedings will take 61 days to finalize,  I'm just wondering if things like the house are an option for her to try and take?"
"What's the point? Here's the question: Would you rather live a life that is full of depression, fear and isolation, where everything is a challenge that never rewards or just simply end that life and never have to feel pain again? Right now, the latter seems reasonable."
"I'm not even a legal adult yet i'm already bored of living. Every day just feels the same, get up, go to school or go to work, get home, go to sleep, wash rinse repeat. Im feeling drained, depressed, and overwhelmingly bored. I have a few hobbies and a few friends, but the only thing that brings me comfort is sleep. I know i've probably experienced only a portion of what this life has to offer, but the rest will probably disappoint me anyway."
"Settle on debt or pay in full? I was recently surprised with a letter from a debt collector. I realized I made a mistake and I owe the money. I called the debt collector and asked them a few questions about how I could pay. I asked if I could pay it online (there was a web address on the letter I received). The representative I talked to said yes, but then they proactively offered to settle for less with them right then and there on the phone. The amount they offered me was 21% less than the original amount. The money is not an issue for me, I can pay the balance in full. I was surprised they offered a discount without me even asking for it. I asked the representative ""if I agree to settle, will this report on my credit as paid in full?"" she replied that it would. I was suspicious it would not and advised I would like to get an unbiased opinion before accepted the settlement. A two second Google search shows this on Experian's website:  &gt;It is always better to pay your debt off in full if possible. Although settling an account is typically viewed more favorably than not paying it at all, a status of settled is still considered negative. Settling a debt means that you have negotiated with the lender, and they have agreed to accept less than the full amount owed as final payment on the account. The account will be reported to the credit bureaus as ""settled"" or ""account paid in full for less than the full balance."" Any time you don't repay the full amount owed, it will have a negative effect on credit scores. The ""settled"" status will remain for seven years from the original delinquency date of the account, or if the account has never been late, it and will stay on your credit report for seven years from the date it was settled.  What is everyone else's opinion?  TL;DR: I care most about my credit score. I was proactively offered a debt settlement from a debt collector. Should I take it or pay the balance in full?"
"Consistent laughter about 8 minutes into my meditation Hi all,  I do a pretty standard style of meditation, basically what they teach you in the headspace pro series, which loosely looks something like:   1. Deep breaths with eyes open  2. Close eyes  3. Feel weight of your body  4. Hear sounds around you  5. Body scan  6. Focus on the breath  Interestingly, about 6-7 minutes into my ""focus on the breath"" I always have this uncontrollable jittery feeling which I resolve by laughing.  I usually feel more calm after this.    I'm guessing the normal meditator response would be to just accept it and move on, but the fact that this happens almost 100% of the time makes me wonder if there's something I should be thinking about or doing differently.  Any advice on this?"
Has anyone had any successful treatments that have lasted? If so what has worked? I've been dealing with severe depression for most of my 32 years here. I've tried many medications and therapy. Medication has never really had much of an effect. I've been off of any kind of treatment again now for 3 years but am considering going back again to try. My plan is to seek out therapy and see if there is anything new out there to try. Just wondering if anyone has any success stories. Thanks
"A feeling or state of mind that confuses me Hello you all!  First of all, I can't really put this whole thing into words, I just experience it, hence the weird title. I want to try it nonetheless to see if someone had the same experiences or can explain to me what exactly is going on.  So since I was a kid I had a weird feeling a number of times, like a passage between being awake and dosing off. I remember it being only when I'm half asleep in my bed, but I remember it vividly, it was like my mind or conciousness was far away, or at least farther away than usual from my... body? Or my mind was farther away from my conciousness. I really can't explain it very well. It was as if my body is very small compared to my present thinking if that makes any sense. Now that sounds like I'm just, like I said, dosing off or something.  But, I tried out meditation (I think it's called Mindful Meditation, I practice it for a couple of months every day) and I experience that feeling while meditating, but only sometimes. I'm not sleepy or anything, I'm wide awake while meditating and can now fully observe that strange feeling. I forgot about that feeling for a long time (10-15 years maybe, I never experienced it in this time) but now it has come back and it still baffles me.  Does anyone know what I mean? This is a very personal thing for me, but I just need to know what that feeling is or at least that other people feel this too.  Thanks for your time :)"
"I'm tired and lonely My whole life has been shit. I was abused physically and mentally by my father, neglected by my mother, bullied at school, and now I'm painfully lonely in my marriage to a man who is mentally abusive. There's no other way out for me. I don't need replies. I just needed to get this out."
"X-files as disinformation? The latest X-files episode discusses the Mandela effect and conflates it with something called the ""Mengele effect.""  Does this imply they just put out actual conspiracies wrapped with disinformation to sway public opinion away from believing them?"
"I hate work but I know it's important I have long periods of time where I'm unemployed and get upset about it, but when I actually have to work I fucking hate every second I'm on the clock, my mind constantly is wandering wishing I was doing anything else. Life sucks."
"My life is probably at the best it is ever been I have finally got friends I can rely on, I am doing well in school and I am starting a new job, everything I could want yet I still want to die I feel like nothing is ever going to make me happy at this point My life is going great but I still want to die"
"Third Eye/ Crown Greetings all, I hope this is a good place to seek advice,  I've been working lately on my chakra energy &amp; 'balancing' 'healing' or whatever you prefer.  I start at the root and work my way to the crown and have been doing sitting meditation focusing on these points.   When I get to the Ajna &amp; Sahasrara I seem to lose focus and I don't seem to be able to 'grasp' what I'm doing. I'm not getting very good feedback compared to other chakra when I'm focusing on them.  Does anyone have any tips as to where to direct my focus when I'm working on these two energy centers?  Any feedback is welcome.  Thank you."
"Last year, during the UK lockdown, was the very first time I have ever wanted to die. It got so extreme that I came off of the internet for a few days to try to heal. I did not know what caused it. I will probably never find out. But i did heal...slightly. After about 3 days I realised that I did not want to die and my suicidal thoughts were gone almost instantly but the depression was not. I have spent a year feeling nothing but numbness, guilt and anger. Nothing else. I have had to force a laugh for a year. At one point, I tried to reach out for help but because of covid, no one was there for me in school or in the community. And now I have slipped back into my depression it is numb, but it is emotionally draining. I have had to force myself to write (which is the only hobby I can peruse because my other ones are social hobbies) to which I just think 'what is the point?"". I cannot look at my body without feeling sick of the sight. it is hard to get out of bed but when I do, I just sit there and wait. there is nothing to do. Nothing to wait for. Getting in showers or baths has become so difficult that I have resorted to making a timetable of when I need to shower. I cannot be bothered pretending anymore. I am not okay.I cannot reach out for help. My parents will think I am faking it. My friends could not care in the slightest. I do not go back to school until August (which I am dreading). I do not have anyone to turn to. In all honesty, I could not name one person that I would be able to go to for help. I do not want to die but I do not see the point in living. This is a rant more than anything. This is not a sob story. I am sure quite a few people have gone through this same experience. I can just feel myself go downhill with every passing day. I have not felt raw joy since I do not know when. I cannot remember. The numbness is almost like an uncomfortable calmness and I cannot shake myself out of it. I am self destructing again"
"Does alcoholism make you depressed? I’m just wondering. I realized I drink too much, so I’ve been trying to slow down/not black out every time I drink.   My hangovers aren’t that bad anymore, but I usually feel a bit depressed for a couple days afterwards.   This doesn’t seem to effect my friends the same way and, honestly, I haven’t asked them about it cause I don’t wanna seem like a pussy. So, is it normal to feel depressed after drinking or is this just a me being a pussy thing?"
"My dad saw my “health” apps I let him use the screen time settings on my phone, and when he was checking to see if it worked he saw my calorie counting and weight logging apps.  He didn’t say anything, but he gave me a weird look and I know he could tell what they’re for 🙃🙃🙃"
"i'm all alone now going through a breakup, it really fucking sucks. i feel completely alone. it's taking so much for me to not just run back and talk to him and feel secure again. i wish there was something to occupy myself with but unfortunately there isn't much at 12am. i wish i had a better support system. i wish i had more friends to help me through this. you know the kind of shit in movies where your girlfriends come over and eat ice cream with you and watch movies, and just distract you. i don't have anything. i'm just alone with my thoughts and a bit of regret. it's times like these i wish i had people the most."
"I get advice all the time. They really do not get I am just not meant to be happy though. I let them give the advice usually and say thank you because they think I am just being an annoying, pessimistic depressed ass if I reply saying that did not work or will not work for me. I have done A huge majority of advice people have said and I am not happy. Like therapy? Did it. medications? Did it. go outside and meet good people? Did it.working out? did it, got fit, still depressed.Quit my addictions like video games and porn? Did it. get a girlfriend? Did it. The list goes on and on.I am the very definition of a lost because. I laugh because these advices would work on the average person, probably 99 percent of the population, but for me, my brain is so utterly fucked. Which nobody will really understand unless they had it. I was cursed with this shit. I am starting to find it funny when people give me advice for my depression now"
"""You have so much to live for."" So, tried to talk to my fiancée about my depression. She literally gave me every cliche line from ""it's all just your state of mind"" to ""you have so much to live for."" When I told her about the debt I have for fighting a broken family court system to get custody of my children from a previous marriage, or how much of an ego killer it is to try and be sexual with her only to have her barely responsive and expect me to be ready to go when she just lies there, or how my work is constantly dangling a promotion I worked for over my head, that it isn't all in my head. I don't enjoy life. I don't enjoy my family. I don't enjoy my job. The only thing that gives me a shred of joy is the hour or so I have to myself before I go to bed. I really don't have anything to live for. I'm just here... Coasting along and really don't want to any more."
Somthing happend a couple times when I was younger When I was younger maybe 7-13 I had impulsive behavior towards animals. I love animals I regret it and I can't stop feeling guilty about it.
"I miss being around girls After leaving school and my part time job for a trade at 18 (now 20) I work with two guys all day, and the only mates I have left are guys. I have hobbies but they’re mostly guy dominated (cars &amp; camping) so there’s limited interactions with girls in that too.  I don’t really post online, and I don’t take pictures of myself, or really get my picture taken so tinder doesn’t really help me meet with girls. I’ve tried just dm’ing girls on insta but it’s usually just met with no reply or replies that seem like they’re not interested (which i don’t help with cause I’m so blunt through text).  As much as id like a relationship, that’s not even what I want, I’d like to just have friendships with girls again. It’s been that long without female attention that all someone has to do is like a post I share or follow me on social media and I start thinking weddings bells aha.  Atm I’m just really lost on how I’m supposed to even meet girls."
Wow I Feel Lonely Today I wish there was someone I could pour my heart out to but there isn't.
"Would apes make good service animals for individuals with autism? As someone with autism myself, I'm not saying that anyone with the disability is automatically an animal. I'd like to think that there is this bridge that can connect apes and autism to a developmental level. I have this image in my mind involving a non-verbal individual communicating with a mountain gorilla through sign language while occasionally petting it because he/she likes the texture of its fur."
"This might be a stupid question, but how do taxes work if I live in Maine and work in New Hampshire? I am soon going to be starting a job in New Hampshire, and I live in Maine with no plans to move. How will this effect my income taxes this year, and is there anything I need to know or anything special I need to do?  Thank you!"
"Anti-anxiety meds when you’re already on a ton of meds? I currently take 30mg Prozac, 150mg Wellbutrin, 40mg Memantine, and 72mg Concerta. I worry about adding something else on to it, but I am sick and tired of being such a nervous person all the time.   It’s gotten a lot better with the help of CBT and having a friend I met in school who always listens to me. The fear never really goes away but the difference now is that it isn’t as constant. I still am afraid of being that friend that gets on everyone’s nerves and I still feel it affect me at work a lot.   A couple of people have suggested anti-anxiety meds. I am seriously thinking about it because I still get nervous calling people I have known my whole life like my friend across the street. I don’t know how else to fix this."
Pissed with brand new fireproof safe Picked up a 1 cubic foot fireproof safe. It’s obviously made with drywall to make it fireproof. I had read reviews online about moisture being a problem but figured I’d give it a shot. Well I went 2 weeks without opening it and when I did the papers and things I had in there were noticeably damp. Keep in mind it’s the middle of winter so it’s not even very humid out. Will the silica packets help? Or am I better off just tossing it and getting a gun cabinat that won’t retain moisture? Thanks!
Elon Musk is John Titor Pretty confident that Elon is John Titor.  Let's discuss.
"Losing control in my final semester of college Hi everyone,  Depression and ADHD have been a part of my life from my early adolescence.  Unfortunately, I was diagnosed with moderate depression first in my junior year of college and was only diagnosed with ADHD inattentive type and an auditory processing block during the first semester of my senior year.  My grades have been ok, but started to slip as I've been taking a heavy load of CS classes to graduate on time.  I'm meeting with my psych on Friday, but this is the first time I've felt almost on the edge of losing control in regards to worrying about getting credit for my courses / not being able to function academically without my prescribed Ritalin.  I just want to finish this semester and get credit for my courses so I can graduate.  Any tips for toughing it out / getting through hard times with ADHD / mental blocks would be incredibly helpful.  Thanks"
"Tingly feeling/nerve damage in limbs? Does anyone else have this? I believe its called ""alcoholic neuropathy"" It sucks. I know abstaining can help reverse some of the damage. I've also gotten to the point where the only thing that makes me feel slightly better is to drink more. Otherwise I'm gagging and cant keep food down. I just want this to end."
"Anyone else can’t remember much of past years? My depression began to set in late 2015, and it feels as though I still haven’t recovered from that year. I don’t remember much of 2016-2018. It’s all a big blur. I do remember thinking of committing suicide everyday since 2015, even up until recently.   I can’t believe it’s already March 2019! Where did the years go? I feel like I’ve wasted so many years wasting away. I’m sure that my regret will only compound if I stay where I am.   Why does life have to be so heavy"
"I get really depressed on some days- crying all day and leading to suicidal thoughts Hello Reddit. This is my first post on this sub as I just found it. I'm usually happy. People who know me will never believe if you told them I get this depressed. On most days I am usually fine. But on some days I get so emotionally drained, I don't know why. I get depressed to the point where I believe suicide is the only option. I did not have any significant mental health issues all my life. In the past year I had to leave my country and go abroad for university. During this time, my depressed days started to occur. When it occurred the first few times, I thought it was just temporary, but they all would be the same. I will look at suicide methods and it was the only thing that would calm me knowing my suffering will end. I will go on Suicide Watch sub and read all the posts. I usually don't do these things at all. The problem started when these days would start to occur frequently- maybe once or twice every three weeks. After a day or two, I will return back to my normal self. However in those times, I am unable to do anything. Even leaving my bed seems hard. I will put my studies on hold, even if I have exams. I don't even feel the drive to do anything.     I also want to state that I have good friends and a very supportive family. Should I go see a therapist? I am unsure as this is not a constant feeling. Thanks for any advice."
"I’m sorry, mom. I’m sorry, mom.  I’m sorry, mom. I’m sorry I’m addicted to food. I’m sorry I couldn’t be like you. I’m sorry I couldn’t be the son you wanted. I’m sorry I couldn’t get a high paying job. I’m sorry I couldn’t buy you that mansion or car you wanted. I’m sorry that I turned out to be an introverted guy who keeps to himself. I’m sorry I couldn’t look like that model in the magazine you showed me. I’m sorry I don’t wear designer clothes. I’m sorry I have no self esteem or confidence. I’m sorry I’m some weird guy who has only liked anime and video games for most of his 27 years of life. I’m sorry I don’t find the right girls attractive. This is just who I am, mom. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I couldn’t make you happy. I’m sorry I didn’t continue schooling to get a P.h.D or even a Masters. I’m sorry that I only seem to be friends with weirdos and people you hate. I’m sorry that I’m some weirdo that only cares about Japanese culture as a hobby. I’m sorry I couldn’t become that CEO that you wanted me to be. I’m sorry I couldn’t become the President.   I love you, mom. And I’m sorry. Sayonara."
"Body dysmorphia...Maybe? Before I get “see a professional” I’ve seen many professionals in the past, I can’t currently afford one, so this is the next best thing.   I’ve noticed lately that sometimes I look in the mirror and love what I see, but other times I hate it. I think everyone goes through this now and then, some people just have those days. But I’ve noticed the back and forth happens to me what I would think is more than average. I’ll go a couple days very comfortable in my skin, confident, and when I look in the mirror I actually feel beautiful, but the next couple days I feel incredibly fat and ugly and I hate going outside, It’s almost as if my body literally changes, I’m like wait, who’s that? It’s gotten to the point I don’t feel like I know what my body actually LOOKS like because my view of it changes so often. Am I fat? Am I okay? Am I pretty? Am I ugly? I think I’m scared to figure out the truth if I’m being honest. I obviously have BPD so I’m used to my mental state bouncing around from one extreme to another, but my personal view of my own body has never changed back and forth this drastically or I’d say even at all! Does anyone know else deal with this as frequently, or have any advice on how I should approach this? Anything would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for reading!"
"The news is giving me anxiety, can anyone relate? (popular journalist dies of a heart attack after some random stomach pain) TRIGGER WARNING. Stop reading if you get easily triggered. So this poor journalist lady who's very popular in my country died of a heart attack few days ago and the news went crazy. Of course it triggered me anxiety, as always when I hear of someone else dying. She was 50 and from what I heard she was a healthy and active woman ( this makes me even more anxious knowing that no matter how healthy you try to be you still can get a heart attack) . Apparently, she was having a heavy stomach ache and went to doc. She stayed hospitalised and suffered a heart attack during endoscopy procedure. They say that maybe there was smth wrong with the anaesthesia,  Weird bc it's one of the best private clinics there. So is stomach ache a symptom of heart attack or she died because of anesthesia negligence?. It's worth mentioning that her father's a doctor and she knew a lot about medicine and she didn't seem concerned during her stay"
"Instagram artist scams me I liked this guy's art on Instagram and saw that he was selling posters. I wanted to support his work and buy so I sent $60 to his Venmo. He said he'll send me a shipping tracking number in a few days but that was December 29th. It's been 3 weeks and he's basically ghosted me. What should I do? I just want my money back but it seems he has no plans on replying. In New York, NY."
"Meaning of seeing images during meditation. I have been meditating regularly for about a year. Most days I sit for an hour. When I enter a deep state, I experience gaps. It will feel like I dozed off. It will be only for a few seconds, but I will be completely without any thoughts. When I get back to reality from a moment of gap, I suddenly see a visual, with my eyes closed. It is almost always some design or pattern. Bright colors like woven fabric with designs. It will really feel like I am seeing it with my eyes. But my eyes are closed and I see this vision in my mind. I have never seen these patterns in my life before or after the meditation. What does this mean? I know I shouldn’t be distracted or focusing on things like this. I am just curious if others see this too and is there any meaning to it."
Going off meds Has anyone here been able to go off meds suddenly and remain sane? I’m sick of the weight gain and lack of spiritual connection and joy I feel on meds and am thinking of stopping them tonight.
"Same story again with a different girl I was told over in r/foreveralone that I am a normie but I'm nothing like a normal guy. I have the worst social skills. Mainly my fault for secluding myself and never socializing.   Anyway, I met this girl at work. I don't ever date girls from work but I decided that I needed to make a change this year and try new things. I've been single most of my adult life, almost 7 years. I don't really date anymore since it's only caused me mental anguish. The thing about me is that I seem to attract a lot of girls. I do consider myself a handsome guy but this is like having a super power to attract girls but never really getting to take advantage of it.   Everytime I try to meet a girl I always mess it up somehow. This time it only took a week. She used to come up and say hi to me. She would offer food/snacks to me and wouldn't take no for an answer. Always smiling at me. So I decided to talk to her. Turns out shes about my age and has a daughter the same age. I guess she realized that I wasn't what she expected or something I'm not really sure. I try to learn every time this happens to me but somehow I still mess up. Just posting this because I really don't have anyone to talk to about this obviously hence the subreddit. Thank you for reading for this got this far and I hope you're having a better day than mine."
"Anyone else realize their constant shortness of breath was a trauma response/anxiety not allergies? Anyone else realize their constant shortness of breath was a trauma response/anxiety not allergies?  I have allergies so in the past, I always thought when I was experiencing shortness of breath because of allergy induced asthma. I also am anemic so I know that can cause shortness of breath. These are definitely reasons I have difficulty breathing sometimes, however, I’ve begun to realize how much trauma has played a role in the breathing.  Recently, I’ve been more mindful of my breath and I noticed it changes through out the day. If I am triggered (which is constantly), I will often hold in my breath or start having shortness of breath/ difficulty breathing. If I try to calm myself down with meditation and deep breaths, my breathing can become easier. When I take cbd oil, I notice my breathing becomes easier because it turns down my fight or flight response that leads to shortness of breath. After sleeping, I notice my breath is better as well. So really a lot of this shortness of breath was due to trauma. I even got tested for sleep apnea recently because I noticed the difficulty of breathing and how I would stop breathing but I didn’t have sleep apnea.  Wow! So now I am really going to try to focus on my breathing and pursue Breath Work.  Anyone relate?"
"I'm in love with a girl I don't even know anymore and a week ago she married one of my only friends left. I had introduced her to my friends 2-3 years ago and then we broke up. They made a conscious decision to befriend her over me. I used to average speaking to about 200-300 friendly faces a week. Now I talk to maybe a dozen every month. I'm finding fewer and fewer reasons not to kill myself. Nothing anyone could say would probably change my mind. I just wanted to get this out there, that's all."
"Head nodding tic - will it cause long term damage? Hey all  I've had several nervous tics for years, the one that I've had recently has been shaking and nodding of my head, like not just a nod of the head, it's like nodding my head forward with force  Will this seriously damage my brain? To be honest, with my health anxiety, do I really want to be asking this? xD do I want to know the answer haha  Charlie"
"I've been tired for so long and now I can't control the emotional spikes as well anymore Hey.   I've got c-ptsd and BPD, got the diagnosis almost 2 years ago, had the symptoms since I was little due to *stuff*.  Lately (last 6months or so) I've been going through a very heavy-duty stressful period where I've pushing myself as far as I can and more so that the situations can get closer to being resolved. Sadly most are out of my hands, so it'll be continued stress for awhile.  I am realising more and more how much harder it is now to keep my emotions stable and the emotional spikes lower in intensity and there feels like there's nothing I can do, like the years of hard earned control is slipping through my fingers.   I'm so tired of this, and I honestly don't have time or energy for it. Sorry for making my first post a rant, but it really had to come out somewhere safe, and after reading here I feel like you guys might understand."
"I talked to her last night.... I told my wife last night that I am not happy. She was blindsided. It feels like we are going through the motions, basically co parenting our kids. She doesn't feel the same way. She asked me what I want and I told her I am not sure. She keeps saying we have things we can work on like reading the love languages books, which i have. Cuddling more at night and showing more affection, which I have wanted but now it feels forced because of the conversation. I don't feel like any of this will help. I don't know if I am interested in saving the relationship.  &amp;#x200B;  She is Bipolar2, diagnosed about 2 years ago,  I had given her an ultimatum of getting help or we were done. She is getting help, but it is because of the ultimatum and the kids, and not for herself.   &amp;#x200B;  We have been married for 5 years, together for 10. It feels like we are always waiting for the next thing to be happy... moving out of her parents house, finishing college, getting married, having a kid, moving back upstate, moving back to our college town, buying a house, having a second kid.... I am so tired. Nothing has ever made her happy. I am happy with our children but not our relationship.  &amp;#x200B;  When I talk to people about her, they ask me how I am doing, I genuinely cannot answer, I always feel like I am taking care of her or our kids, I don't even know who I am anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  I don't really know what i want. I mean, I know where I am posting, but I can't bring myself to say it out loud. My biggest fear is not getting to see my kids. We live in Virginia currently and I am sure she would move to Omaha to be near her family....  &amp;#x200B;  Sorry for the disjointed post.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR- I don't know what I want out of this relationship anymore. Wife wants to save it but I don't know if we can."
"Terrorized builder Hell. I'd like to build my body. The thing is men around me are bigger than me and they immediately beat me up when they see me growing. I can't really bodybuild because of these mental reasons- I get into a fight a school with a thug that's already bigger cuz he wants to be the biggest muscle in school. Also, I feel like my relatives like to show off to me how great they are with some masculinity shit. When I exercise I feel stress, idk is that normal but it reminds me of being beaten. Can you guys encourage me to exercise I'm really in a pit of stress, you know, my bullies make me feel self-conscious about my muscle mass. If you help me out I promise I will update you on how I cross-punched his ass, maybe multiple of them."
Is it possible to experience nosebleeds from anxiety? I’ve had about 5 nosebleeds in the past 3 days and it’s really starting to worry me. It’s making me think I’m dying of some awful disease. I am scheduling an appointment with my doctor today.
"The feeling after being anxious Hi guys. I just got back from the gym and I feel on top of the world. Not just because I worked out. I have been going through some pretty bad anxiety lately, the type that causes you to feel nauseas, i'm sure a lot of you have it. I know how hard every day tasks can be to complete, even going to the supermarket or going for a drive, let alone going to the gym in front of a bunch of people and pushing your body. For anyone that is struggling remember this one feeling. The feeling after you pushed yourself through your sickness. The feeling you get when you did something you thought you could never do. People *without* anxiety only feel this when they accomplish something society would consider great. We get to feel this feeling when we accomplish the most simple task, how amazing is that? Whenever you're in a situation and you think you can't do it, remember that feeling after. Remember how it puts you on top of the world and how you can have that every single day."
I have saved my fathers life at least 5x recently he just found out hes now diabetic I forced him to the hospital for them to help only to find out his sugar was 900. I was helping him today as I try to make sure he has as little to do as possible. I will not anymore after he yelled at me not listening about it not fitting by instead he calls me a dick head to which I replied with no you are being a stubborn asshole. Thus he squares up starts pushing me wanted to fight would not be a problem if he did not have major surgery on his stomach basically held together with tape. Now I am in my room cannot calm down and my meds are looking like the only way out of this hell. I told him he better never need help again even for health. I have cut ties if I find him on the floor so be it. it was his stubborn ass that put him this situation not mine. I am just not sure I want to do anymore on one hand I deal with a miserable father whom I dropped out of high school years ago because he was on the verge of death now hes trying to push me to death.
"Cant sleep It has been 2 month after i got discharged from military. And i still can't sleep until 6am. It already 5:40 here and i can here birds singing. But i'm just sitting on my bed, sick and tired of lying down for 2 hours doing nothing but thinking bullshits. It just feels so isolated, being in a dark room alone, watching sun rises. I wasn't like this before i go to the military. Back then, I was a college student with great passion about engineering. And when i joined the army, i did everything i could to not forget who i was. I compulsivly read, designed, searched at spare time.  At each furlough, i spent whole days testing my ideas. And when i finally got discharged, it wasn't like what i expected. It felt so empty. Suddenly being alone, i can do whatever i want but nobody give a damn. Even for the engineer aspect, i'm pretty much lost. I cant stop thinking i won't be as good as before. I just feel like my motivation to carry on is gone. And it feels like i'm broken. Ah it's over 6am.. Maybe i should just take some pills."
"I don't know anymore I am really not okay right now. I am considering killing myself right now via belt on doorknob. I am having a really hard time overcoming a gambling addiction that has taken all of my money, and I feel like a complete outcast at school (under 18). I was sexually abussed by a family member as a child and I really need this hell to end.  No one listens to me when I need it the most.  Please help"
"My [f19] best friend[m23] confessed that he has romantic feelings for me even though he has a gf Title explains the situation. My best friend confessed on Sunday that he has romantic feelings for me. He has been having thoughts about me that are more intimate, but non-sexual. He says he doesn’t know if it’s a crush or not. He has no idea how long he’s felt this way. He told me he needed to figure everything out.  I have no idea what that means. He doesn’t know that I’m in love with him. If he were to choose, I think he’d choose his girlfriend. About a year and half ago, I fell for him and confessed my feelings and he felt the same but said “I love my girlfriend.” So I never thought to bring up my romantic feelings for him. They obviously deepened as the months past and now I’m in love with him,but anyway that’s why I think he’ll choose her again.   Part of me just wants to tell him how I feel but I fear that it’ll be the same as last time. I’ll be broken hearted again and he’ll once again prove that I am not a first choice for anyone. I haven’t been up to this point, and I doubt it would change, especially for him.   He said that he made a lot of mistakes and doesn’t want to lose me because of how he feels. He says that he values our friendship and that I am extremely important to him.   We met on Monday and hung out at his place. We had an amazing time together and everything just felt so..normal. Like it was all meant to be, but I doubt he felt the same.   Anyway, I’m posting this on here because I don’t know what to do. I’m allowing him the time to figure out what he wants or whatever he meant by “figuring everything out.” Each passing day, I’m more and more anxious to the point where I believe that he won’t choose me and we’ll argue and then I fall into panic attacks.   How should I handle this?  Tl;dr: my best friend has feelings for me. I’m in love with him but he has to “figure everything out.”"
Am I a bad person if I quit after 2 days of starting a paid internship? I’m quitting because I only said yes out of being pressured to. I genuinely didn’t care for the job even tho it can take my career to the next level. I now regret what I have gotten myself into and I don’t see myself as a fit for the position bc of my crippling social anxiety. The job seems too socially ‘Involved’ and the pay isn’t worth it. Should I just leave now and seek therapy til I feel like myself again? Idk how to tell my manager I’m quitting tho. I don’t even want to show up. I need advice.
"Should I ask for a larger dose or stick it out? Last week, I finally got diagnosed with ADHD-C at 21 years old. I went in for an evaluation at the prompting of my mother, because she herself was just diagnosed at 41, and I've always struggled with attention span, and mental exertion for long periods of time.  This diagnosis feels life changing. As a kid, people thought I was a variety of things from lazy, depressed, ill-behaved, apathetic, etc. Now, I feel like I have an opportunity to finally do the things that are truly important to me and to showcase my intelligence and skills. Finding this subreddit has been amazing, and it's so great to hear that I'm not alone in my struggles.  My doctor prescribed me with Concerta (I believe at 36mg). This past week on medication has been by far one of my most productive. I got completely caught up with my schoolwork without procrastinating or cramming and was able to study for reasonable lengths of time. I even feel like I've been learning more efficiently. Work has been about the same (social pressure to be a top performer has always kept my ass afloat), however I can now focus for longer periods of time.   At home, I've finally started finishing a bunch of projects I've been procrastinating on for months. Doing house repairs in the past seemed mentally exhausting, because I'd try and focus on 4 of them at once, which would cause me to make mistakes, resulting in a lot of backtracking. It was really inefficient and frustrating for me. But now I can focus on one thing at a time and finish it. Lastly, my girlfriend has noticed that I am not as distracted anymore, and it makes me really happy that when we're together she can feel like I really care that she's there.  My only concern is that the past couple days I feel like I hardly notice the drug anymore. I feel a slight increase in focus in the mornings, but not much, and then by late afternoon, I feel as scatterbrained as I used to get on my worst days without medication. Have any of you ever felt like this? Did you stay at the same dosage until you evened out again, or did you switch dosage/medication? I wouldn’t mind toughing it out at this dosage, but I need to be an adult after work too.  Sorry for the novel, you might be able to tell I'm hyperfocusing a bit ATM.  TL;DR, being medicated for ADHD is great, but I've built a considerable tolerance after a week and I don't know what to do next."
"Dealing with an embarrassing situation. Not managing well. I’m so embarrassed by all of this. Found out my teenager has lice. I had lice when I was a child and was traumatized by it. So I am flipping the fuck out right now. I have assured him it is not his fault. He told me he has been sharing clothes with friends. I am not letting him see how completely distraught I am. Still, it has triggered me and I am having a breakdown. I have cut myself and punched myself. Keep crying uncontrollably. I feel so fucked up. My husband keeps telling me I’m overreacting but I can’t change how I’m feeling. Anyone else ever dealt with this? What the fuck is wrong with me? Am I totally ridiculous for feeling this way? All of the thoughts going through my head are that I’m a fucking loser and piece of shit that doesn’t deserve to be here. Open to any advice."
"I’m 28: is it too late in life to make friends? I’m turning 29 in a couple of weeks. I’m married for 2 years but I have no friends. There were so many times I just wish that I had a girlfriend (s) who I can talk with. I sometimes wonder if it’s too late in life to make friends? I relocated to the US from the Middle East 3 years ago and don’t have any lasting friendships from high school or college as they died out due to the distance. I tried reaching out to several of them but no one actually wanted to reach out back to me and ask me how I am. There were so many days where I just wanted to hear from someone telling me that they’re there for me. Don’t we all love to hear that at some point through this journey of life? To know that there is someone who is always there for you no matter what is an amazing feeling. I wish I had a best friend. I wish I had someone to check up on me and ask me how everything was. I wish I had a best friend to call when I’m scared or worried. My husband works long hours and so he’s not always there whenever I need someone. I’m just feeling so lonely and wish I had a best friend to talk with.  But at this stage in life, I just feel it’s too late to make a best friend for life."
Nephew needs a new school in Portland Oregon My nephew has autism and was having trouble in school and my family want to switch school does anyone have any suggestions for schools he is 12 and going into 7th grade he currently goes to Ron Russle middle school and the teachers and staff are no help they put him in detention. My nephew needs a new school so any suggestions are useful!!!! Thank you! He is ahigh functioning with high anxiety
"I'm always the cheerful one I dont open up or share my feelings to anyone. Felt like Im always capable of carrying all these emotional baggages inside me and yet, I feel upset and sad when no one dares to notice or ask me how I'm doing. But there's always a voice inside of me that says I cant blame them for not asking or checking on me since I'm always on my fascade of smiles and cheerfulness. Its not their fault that I am emotionally unavailable. It makes me more sad that I am the reason why I am here, why i feel these things."
"How can I (28F) let go of over a decade of resentment towards my mother (48F)?  Background: My mom and dad (68M) never slept in the same bed and it was obvious that the relationship wasn't going to work out. My dad was an alcoholic until I turned 6. My mom picked me up and walked out the door unless he didn't drink another drop, and he quit cold turkey. He had some anger issues (never directed towards a person or violence), and he's INCREDIBLY reclusive and really never wants to leave the house. He's not a very outwardly affectionate person either. My mom is very different, and it's no surprise that she ended up divorcing him when I was 16. Up until then, my mom and I were very close, and I wasn't very close to my dad.  &amp;#x200B;  After the divorce, my mom wouldn't tell me where she was staying. It wasn't for a couple weeks until I found out she immediately moved in with another guy she worked with. I can only imagine how long she had been cheating on my dad. She gave me the option to move in with her or stay in my old home with my dad. I chose to try to move in with her. It was then I met her boyfriend (55M) at the time, who I can't find any other way to describe than an emotionally abusive dirtbag (we will call him Chad). The way he talks to my mother is incredibly condescending and it grinds my gears. The weird thing is, he ACTS nice, but the way he speaks is the polar opposite. He had a couple previous wives, I'm not sure what the history is on them, but I can probably guess.  &amp;#x200B;  I tried to stay there despite everything this man saying grinding my gears, but once he hit my mom's dogs, I was out of there. It broke my mom's heart, but I moved back in with my dad and boy did my dad turn his life around. He became such a wonderful father. He wiped out what little he had in his 401k to send me to college when I got into the college of my dreams. (I'm pissed about this, did not find out until after the fact). He takes care of every small thing without me even knowing, from laundry to my taxes. He's 68 and can't retire because the house he's left with is upside-down and his mortgage consumes his whole paycheck. I'm working this out with my aunt as a separate thing, we have a plan. Plan B is he'll move in with me. I can't count on my mom for anything anymore. I have items and gifts from my wedding years ago that I've been asking her to ship. I guess I'll just buy another food processor. If I ask her for a favor, I expect it won't get done.  &amp;#x200B;  It broke my heart when I found out Chad proposed to my mom. When she asked for my ""blessing,"" I told her how I felt about him in the nicest way I could. My mom just cried. They still ended up getting married.  &amp;#x200B;  About a year later, Chad was arrested for a DUI (with my mom in the car). He went to AA and came out hyper religious (mom is now too, and I am atheist). This created more conflict, as I explained to my mom I don't believe in God. She cried and said I'll believe in Jesus someday. She'll still put me on the spot in holiday dinners to say prayers, which I'm not going to turn down in front of family. We have a lot of fundamental belief differences now. Before my husband (28M) and I were married, she also had the gall to say she was ""really hoping for white grandchildren"" when I told her that he and I were a serious couple (he is Hispanic). My best friend at the time was gay, and she stopped talking to him, hoping he'd ""find God eventually.""  &amp;#x200B;  As I've grown up, I resent a lot of the immaturity I see in my mother and the bind she left my dad in. I really struggle to get past it, to the point where I ignore a lot of her calls/texts because I don't have the energy to talk to her. Obviously it breaks her heart. How can I get past this? What should I do?  &amp;#x200B;  tl;dr: I resent my mom a lot for things she's done in the past and am struggling to deal with it and salvage our relationship. How can I move past it?"
I literally hate myself. That’s it that’s the post.
"Is it okay for me to wear my hood up in a store because it helps alleviate my anxiety I live in the UK, I went to this store weeks ago and got asked to take my hood down, I almost had a panic attack and said I can't because I have really bad anxiety and I was causing no disruption, I was friendly to the people who work there. I'm going back there later today and I feel like I need to wear my hood because it makes me feel more comfortable and less exposed. I don't know what to say if they ask me again and I don't know if I should get a family member to complain on my behalf because I really don't like talking to people. It's not illegal to do what I'm doing and it helps with my condition so I think it should be okay for me to do it?"
Breaking point Feel I’ve had enough and don’t want to do this anymore
"My girlfriend insults me for being suicidal I have been suicidal for about 2 years now, and it has gotten worse since I started dating my girlfriend. In this time her abuse has caused me to cut myself, and make 10+ attempts on my own life. I try to break up with her, but she hurts her self and threatens suicide when I try to leave. Yet she makes fun of my for wanting to take my own life. I recently lost my best friend to suicide, and she didn’t support me through this, instead she just got mad at me when I stayed the night with my friends after the funeral which I spoke at. She yelled at me the next day, and texted me that she hates me, and that I’m a bad person. What makes me sad is she manipulates me so much, and I didn’t get to see my now passed friend for almost 4 months straight. She won’t let me go out with friends, she doesn’t like my family, she abuses me, and I’m ready to end it all. I have been abusive to her when I have to fight back to her physical abuse, and she is now threatening to go to the police. I can’t take this mental, emotional, and physical abuse anymore. I just wish I could go to sleep and never wake up. I don’t know how to be happy anymore."
"What’s Roger Federer’s best pick-up line? ‘Hey baby, wanna check out my Grand Slam?’"
"Got married too young and too quickly. Now resentment has grown and wondering if we’re still on the right path Throwaway for reasons. My husband and I have been married for almost 4 years. We got married when I was 23 and he was 22 and only after a month of dating. We were actually quite compatible for most of our marriage, but I have a couple of major strains which I’m wondering if they can be mended. First is that I have become more successful than my husband career-wise. We initially worked in very similar positions, but my career has bloomed like a rose over the last few years, while his has been stagnant. He becomes depressed about this, and I feel like I can’t share my successes with him because he will become depressed that he doesn’t share the same successes. Also since I make more money than him, he frequently expects me to pick up the tab for many bills and expenses which i guess I don’t mind, but feel that we should split the responsibility (we have always kept our finances separate). Secondly, he frequently makes comments about me not performing house work correctly and/or frequently enough. This is particularly upsetting because I handle the majority of the cleaning, all of the laundry, and at least half of the cooking and yard work, and I work 50 hours a week. I want some down time too! I try to talk through these things with him, but we just can’t seem to see eye to eye on them. Lastly, I feel like the romance is dead. I’ve asked him several times if we can do something romantic, and his response is that it’s a waste of money. Sex feels very much about him and with no “setting the mood”. I don’t know if these are just normal growing pains, or if these are the first of many bad signs to move on. Looking for any advice from someone who has been in a similar position and what their outcome was."
"Earphone alternatives? So around the time I was 12 I had this older friend who would always have his earbuds in at all times, and since I was basically a kid I looked up to him and wanted to look cool just like him, so I started wearing earbuds like a religion, even after I lost touch with him. A few years back I started having anxiety whenever I’d take them off and now that I am in college this is becoming a problem since I can’t have them on all the time and I was wondering if anyone who has the same problem could give me a few tips and tricks on alternatives. I gave tried disposable earplugs but they make me feel like my ears are clogged after surfing for a whole afternoon.   I am willing to try anything reasonable.   If you also just want to talk about it you can use this post. I won’t be of much help but maybe others will."
"Panic vs Anxiety attacks? I need help dissecting this! I'm sorry if this is a stupid question, but in what way are panic attacks different from anxiety attacks? Or are they the same? Because I think I've only had one panic attack in my life, considering all I have read about them -- I wasn't able to move, my heart was racing, I thought I was going to die, I felt terrified and despite being in the room with someone I couldn't say anything. It passed and I fell asleep, but everything was different in the morning. I have concluded that this was probably derealization; it lasted for 6 months or so until it subsided. It was truly awful. That was 6 or 7 years ago and I haven't experienced those things since.      On the other hand, I am a very anxious person and mainly am triggered by social situations, in addition to food/eating and a few other things. I have intense anxiety every single day in a variety of situations. I dread going places, dread seeing people, so much dread and fear in my life all the time for such minuscule things. When I feel these moments of 'dread', they feel different than the 'panic attack' that I think I had. I tend to feel very scared, I have a terrible feeling of dread in my stomach and chest, my mind is racing and I have an extreme inability to focus. What are all of your experiences? I just want to know exactly what is happening to me, and whether I'm right to call it anxiety or panic attacks, because I feel like I invalidate lots of people by saying I have 'panic attacks' when I really don't even know if that's the right term. Thanks for listening and reading!"
"Voice of Hope Lately, I’ve been finding myself becoming more and more convinced that I cannot accomplish things in my academic and personal life. Despite my mental illness, I still consider myself an optimistic person because I always try to look for hope and cling onto whatever bits of hope I can find. But the voice in my head that convinced me that I can’t do things is getting louder and louder, and my hope is almost screaming back at it but it is still being drowned out. This has been my greatest recent sorrow; that I know hope exist and is crying out to me, but it is just lost amidst my despair. I try to listen to my hope and to tune out every negative thing, but these negative thoughts have just become a huge part of myself. I’m tired of hating myself, and this is just confusing me even more."
"Like that song ""Without You"" Written by the band Badfinger (1970), of whom two members killed themselves... Covered by Harry Nillson (1971) Covered by Mariah Carey (1993)  ""I can't live. I can't give anymore."""
"Need advice for being in groups I'm 16, and I struggle with SA heavily. I've been focused on trying to improve myself because I don't want to feel alone anymore.   Last night I hung out with 5 others from my school for a couple of hours. I don't do this very often and people were commenting about how quiet I was being. I hate this about myself and don't want to be the odd one out anymore.   Any tips for talking in groups?  I often don't know what to say and I don't want my new friends to dislike my company or think of me badly and stop inviting me.   I am very afraid of fucking this up if I'm invited to something again.   &amp;#x200B;"
"Help with my stubborn inner entertainment junkie? ADHD inattentive type reporting in!  I have an inner entertainment junkie that refuses to do what I'm supposed to and will do ANYTHING to get out of it.  This has been a life-long struggle, but as an adult, the stakes are higher now!  Mornings at work are currently the worst.  (Ok, chores at home aren't good either, but that's less devastating and stressful usually).      Plugging in the right kind of music while I'm doing computer work in my office can help, but getting started is still SO HARD.  It's very easy to stray, but getting started is even harder than staying on task.  Help!  I do have an online counselor, but I don't think he excels at ADHD stuff, inattentive or not.  I'd still like to keep him; he's good at other stuff.  You don't get to flit between specialists on BetterHelp, though, so I either cut him loose or keep him.  I have other health challenges preventing me from seeing an in-person counselor yet.  PS, meds probably aren't an option - how ""bad"" my ADHD is seems to vary, and it's at its worst lately, so I hadn't even thought of meds for a while, but typically people with tachycardia don't get to take stimulants."
"Should I Just Off Myself If I'm.... Lazy, procrastinate, going to school when I don't know what I want to do in life. Can't concentrate on learning anything I.e. I want to learn editing, but seeing all the tools freak me out. Even when I study my arse off, I get Bs while the smarter students manage to get perfect A's. (I have a friend that I hang with a lot, and he barely studies). I know life is just meaningless but I'm too scared to off myself. I'm scared of everything. Heights, bugs, fear of looking at my bank statement, fear of looking at my test score, fear of talking to people (couldn't even work the cash registered because A. I'm shaking in my boots talking to random people and B. I'm too stupid to even learn a register) only things I'm good at are rapping, writing lyrics, video games, and tying extremely fast (over 120-130 WPM).  The one thing that I am passionate about (music) is seemingly impossible since the chances of getting any recognition are zero to none. I'm a Korean American who looks like a Kpop star and I'm either called a girl or some racial slur. I'm a disappointment to my family who are counting on me to complete college ASAP but this is my fourth year and I'm only 70% done. I hate myself, I think that everything's pointless, and plus everything else. I have a girlfriend who loves me very much, but I'm too depressed about having money to support me and my family to worry about anything else. Money seems to be the only thing that I care about since it will help my family (mainly) and keep me from stressing about anything else. That's I don't usually get why rich people get depressed (there are some occasions where I can empathize such as Robin Williams condition that led him to suicide).   Simple question: Should I just off myself? Before you give me a ""nice person answer"" and say "" no every life is important "" or something along those lines, I'd like to give you these pieces of information as well.  Yes I am in college and my sister is on her third year in high school. My mom is paying for my car insurance until I graduate and now she found out I'm not graduating this year so she's pissed. I'm just being a leech on my family and not to mention, I'm living with my girlfriend's family because living in a dorm and paying for college was way too expensive for me and my family. (Even after loans and scholarships, my parents had to pay 1,500-2000 out of pocket twice for the first semester) I had no choice but to live somewhere so my family doesn't suffer more. My mom also puts an emphasis on money and a good job so not providing that for her just kills me inside even more. I'm living rent free at my girlfriend's family place and I help out here and there, but I feel like shit because I've lived here for three years and all I feel like I'm doing, is just leeching off them too. If I was gone, then literally everyone would benefit from it. My family would benefit, my gf could find a better guy, her family wouldn't have to house me, my mom could pay for my sisters car insurance. The thing is, I had two previous jobs before which I couldn't keep doing. When I stand for a long period of time, my back ends up giving out. I have no idea why this happens but I remember being diagnosed in middle school for having some form of scoliosis. Thus, I just work with my gfs family to make money to pay for other college related things. Honestly, I don't know what to do in life and I'm being a burden, so I need brutally honest answers. Honestly I probably be too scared to do it anyways (only came close once when I thought about ramming into the middle section of the road but I held my grip because I didn't want to take someone else with me.) I have no idea where to post this but since it's a long question, I'm posting it here unless anyone else knows where I can post it if it doesn't belong here. Thanks for reading it and thank you for giving me your honest answers.   Tl;dr  Should I just give up on life if there's no benefit to me being around and I have no idea what to do in life?"
"I want to die. My business is gone because of this. My son and I were kicked off of Medicaid on the 1st. I'm out of my medication now, and I just want to die.  I'm a non debt carrying business, and all I qualify for is a loan I can't pay back. I still owe booth rent, even though I'm forbidden from working. Still have to pay rent on my apartment, which is impossible with no income. For now I'm donating plasma, and I earn just enough to make my car payment (no insurance), and the reason I'm paying my car payment above all else is cos that will be our home by the end of April. Once we are evicted, we will never be able to live in a home again."
My [27M] ex girlfriend [24F] got engaged and I feel sad about that So we have been together 5 years and she left me half year ago for another boy. She didn't want to be my fiance and I've trying a long time (first try when we have been about 3 years together). She know this guy 6 months and he is her fiance. I feel sad and lonely. I find it unfair what she has did.  Just wanted to tell you. Maybe someone was in the same situation and can say something nice to me.
"Brushing your teeth BEFORE purging.. So recently I came across a post where people were discussing whether teeth should be brushed before or after breakfast, and the most popular response said that contradictory to popular belief it was actual before. They brought up medical evidence and whatnot but basically brushing before actually gives you this layer of protection, whereas brushing afterwards just rubs the food particles and acids in more. So, would this mean it’s a good idea to brush before purging to more adequately protect your teeth?"
"Why shyness and passive traits are bad? I just want to know why people view shyness and passive as bad traits. I myself have been having force myself out of the ""shell"" yet I end up being softspoken still. Like i can talk a bit louder, but still in a soft voice. I was yelled at alot throughout elementary and high school, also having low grades in math since i had an attention span of a 5-year old. And I'm still working on becoming a bit more outspoken. But i still like being quiet so I'm not sure how to fix that. I just wish we all could accept each other and not try to change everything."
"Kids Are Going On Their First Vacation Without Me Since The Split... I am really anxious, and nervous, and family and friends keep telling me not to be so anxious - but I haven't been without my kids for more than two days since they were born. How did you handle your first extended period of time away from your kids?"
"Finding it hard to keep on going I find it hard to talk to people in general so I hope this at least helps me vent. I’ve had a lot of shit happen to me over the years and it’s affected me to the point where every day has become a struggle to work, wake up, stick to things and generally not be a disappointment but I seem to keep continue up the same feeling no matter what I do to try be positive. I really do hope that one day I can stop feeling so worthless and get rid of the feeling of impending doom coupled with utter moments of loneliness. I don’t like living life like each day could be my last. I don’t think it’s fair, really hope next year brings some sort of change."
"I don’t think I’m (F/19) attracted to my GF (F/21) anymore... We have been together 2 years next month and we are long distance. There’s a lot for me to say I’m not attracted to when it comes to her, a lot more than I AM attracted to. She’s a hypocrite, she used to lie all the time and likely still does, who knows. She parties and I find it unattractive how messy her and her friends get. But the main issue is her appearance. She’s got a very pretty face don’t get me wrong, she’s the dominant one and I’m the feminine one. I don’t like feminine girls whatsoever, just isn’t my type. She has ALWAYS been dominant ever since I met her, she likes to even be called “him” during sex and wants a penis. She says she doesn’t want to transition however, because she likes to wear makeup. (Her words not mine.) She dresses pretty androgynous and has her hair buzzed. Every time she goes out clubbing she dresses pretty girly.. She wore a dress once, last night she wore this shirt that exposed her boobs and red lipstick which is something she’s NEVER done. I know I am not someone to tell another person how to live and dress, but I feel so so confused... She made this image of herself, she drilled it into my head and made sure I knew she was masculine, and now she’s doing these things that confuse my image of her. I’m not attracted to her in lipstick or a dress or heels... She wouldn’t be attracted to me in manly clothes, she’s said it herself. If I suddenly became more masculine, she’d leave. I love her a ton but I don’t know how to deal with all of this....   **TL;DR** Gf has said she was masculine from day one, drilled it into my head and made sure I knew. Confusing me with red lipstick, heels, dresses, and revealing clothes when going out clubbing..."
"Anyone else spend too much time typing up a sentence, only to delete it all at the end? My timid personality isn't just reflected outside the house but also here on reddit! My worst fear when writing essays is that I won't have time finishing it all because of how slow I type my sentences. I always fear that my grammar and use of vocabulary will be judged negatively, which is why I tend to spend a lot of time thinking of what I should say, only to lose confidence at the end and delete everything.   &amp;#x200B;  I spend 2 minutes writing this short paragraph. I have no regrets, but does anyone else suffer from this? It's come to the point that it's affecting my studies, and I'm deathly sick of this!"
How are the Glock 45 9mm accessories listed online? First time gun owner:  Recently purchased a Glock 45 9mm which happened to be from California so I was told it had to come with 10 round magazine due to their laws. Every time I look online for magazines that would fit my Glock I either fiind .45 magazine or do not see G45 listed. I am now seeing this is the case with all Glock items where I am having trouble locating anything.  &amp;#x200B;  Can anyone explain to me how my Glocks accessories would be listed online ?
"Making 47,000/year, here is my debt...need suggestions 1.4k/paycheck x 2 month. I live at home right now, paying 200/month. I have a car lease with 2 years left on it \~11k, I have 29k in student loans, no CC debt. I have 1.5k in checking, 4.5k in savings and 1k in the market &amp; 1k in a 403b.  I want to move out and get my own place but I also want to pay down my debt, what should be my best move?  Renting as of now is 1070 for a 1 bed 600 sq foot apartment near an airport, south of seattle. Should I use my savings to pay down the car debt first and make monthly payments on my student loans or vice versa?  &amp;#x200B;     &amp;#x200B;"
"Imagine the sun being a thousand pixels... And a bright star being 1 pixel... Do you reckon there's a difference in brightness, pixel for pixel?"
"Things are looking good, but i feel very overwhelmed when I start moving. any advise?   So to preface I have been doing very well for myself in a relative way. Each week I knock out one thing on a list of “important things to do” and I do more if I can. I moved, got health insurance, have a therapist, etc.   However, right now, I have a real life changing opportunity ahead of me. I have an interview set up for a job that is in a field I studied in college. It is this Friday. The drive is only 2 &amp; 1/2 hours, but driving has me at a near panic after 30-45 minutes... normally I would drive to the location and get familiar... but gas is expensive. I have been researching the company for the interview, and brushing up on my knowledge for the job. (They will have me use a program I haven’t touched since 2013 when i was in school and evaluate my ability to use it as they instruct.)  I have spent the last few hours trying to set up the program but I just... shut down I feel like i am fried. Like I’m literally shaking in my skin and I’m so scared I’m not going to be able to perform under their parameters.   Usually I can push through but... my future Hangs on to whether or not I do well here. I don’t feel near prepared enough for whats to come, but I really do not want to fail."
"Meeting in a pub I've been invited to meet someone in a pub, it is work related but informal. I don't drink alcohol because I haven't yet found any that I actually like the taste of. I'm male so feel like I should be drinking pints of beer as I'm sure the guy I'm meeting will be but beer makes me want to vomit. I can count on the fingers if one hand the times I've been in a pub before. What do I do? I need to go."
I brought my girlfriend to Mexico for Valentine's Day. I got arrested on the way back for snuggling her over the border.
"Anxiety induced anger I've been dealing with anxious anger for probably as long as I can remember. I have anxiety and a sprinkling of depression so whenever this comes up the after effects are usually pretty severe too. I feel as if this comes from having your sense of pride and superiority challenged by others. I've seen this in myself quite frequently where someone will show me something that they are proud of but is also part of something I myself have pride in (which is very rare that I do). This leads to a slew of critical feedback and nitpicking which can make the other person feel bad and that in turn makes me feel worse. It's not something I can control, easily anyways, and it feels like I just blurt it out without really thinking about the other person. Say for example, a friend shows me an art piece that they are really proud of and challenges my perception of superiority. I would begin to unrelentingly critique and point out what's wrong with it and what could be better. Now that can be seen as a good thing but in the end it just leads to the other person feeling sad or offended. The reason I call this anger is because it deeply irks me internally when it happens like someone just insulted me and my brain processes it by trying to make itself perceive it as worse than it actually is. This ends up making me seem to look rather egotistical which is not the case. In fact, I would say that being as such would be a marginal improvement over my current mental state. I feel as if this is some sort of defense mechanism to protect myself from lowering my self-esteem anymore than it already is. Learning to accept that people are not out to hurt me is definitely a trial in it of itself and a difficult but necessary step towards better mental health. Hopefully I was able to shed some light on the situation for those who might be struggling with something similar and are confused as to why they feel that way. I would also like to know if anyone else has or is experiencing this same kind of reaction.  Thank you for taking the time out of your day to read this long-ass post and I hope you have a great rest of your day!"
"Working out the math on 401k loan payoff strategy Hi,  I was reading the other thread about 401k loan vs HELOC and it got me thinking.  &amp;#x200B;  We took out a 401k loan last year.  We had a dishwasher leak and while the insurance covered it, we took the chance to remodel the entire kitchen and remove a wall etc.  It was going to be the ONLY time we'd tackle something like this, so we basically doubled the budget over the insurance payout and did the deal (insurance money also covered things that wouldn't be part of a regular renovation, like some remediation, replacing insulation in crawlspace,etc).  There were probably other financing options for us, but we needed the money ""right now"" because we had no functioning kitchen and hitting the ""loan"" button on my 401k got me money in a couple of days.  &amp;#x200B;  So since this wasn't a planned renovation, we need some more cash took &amp; out a $25k 401k loan.  Standard 5 year loan and we're planning to pay it off this year or early 2020.   We've already shaved 6 months off the loan.  &amp;#x200B;  ANYWAY.  In the hypothetical 401k Loan vs HELOC, someone suggested the OP lower their 401k contributions to meet matching level and then put the rest into paying off the debt (his was currently NOT a 401k loan).    So I started to wonder how I'd even consider how to figure out what makes sense for this loan.    Info:  * Original Loan 25,000 * Remaining 17,700   * They deduct about $250/paycheck for principle and interest &amp; we pay about $500 extra every month to this, but will pay off remaining balance with bonus money in early 2020 * I currently contribute 13% pre-tax (employer matches up to 7%)  So if I knocked it back to 7%,  I could probably put another $400+/month towards the loan (of course, my taxable income goes up too) and I'd pay it off early 2020 w/o using any of my bonus funds.   This year, I think we've got our withholding  set up pretty accurately and we'll get \~$500 from IRS, so I don't want to tip that too much the other direction.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm just trying to figure out what makes the most sense or if it's so negligible, that it's not worth the time/effort to switch things up with my pre-tax 401k.     But I'm interested in what the calculation on this would be.  &amp;#x200B;  If I go down to 7% pretax 401k I'd add about $6000 in taxable income.   In the 25% bracket, that would be $1500, which presumably would be withheld.    That would be \~60 bucks per paycheck.    I still don't know which one comes out as the ""right"" choice, lol.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;"
"What funny questions about random ADHD slips have you been asked by friends/family? Example: yesterday morning my husband to ask “hey, why is this tub of butter in the sink?”     *shrug*"
"[26 F] I had moments where I just wanna wait for this feeling of sadness, numbness and emptiness to end and idk when But there are also times where I don't remember having this demon. It all depends on what I'm doing if it brings me joy and satisfaction deeply. Of course I do struggle with being comfortable with feeling down and sad in general and wanting to feel happiness guilt free and pain free.  Being productive, clearing out chores, tasks, responsibilities generally would elevate my mood, and I'd feel scared to embrace the joy at first instinct, that I feel a physical ache in my chest. I haven't meditated as much as I did before I started my last job about two months ago. Didn't hit the gym for weight training as much as before. Only begun journalling yesterday and the night before. Didn't eat well nor slept well. My last job really played with my anxiety and depression a lot. Now I'm feeling better after having been fired on immediate notice (whatever man they didn't think I deserve at least a week notice).  It's a journey so far with this pesky little bitch sitting inside my brain. I honestly don't know what's like to live without depression anymore, it's almost like a distant childhood memory I try very hard to remember but to no avail. I can only ask for myself to not self-harm when my self-harm thoughts kick in during my stressful times. My ego definitely will protect me in this situation, ironically."
"My worst anxiety attack story. What's yours? I've struggled with anxiety since elementary school, but my worst attack was when I was 13. My mom went out of town for her friends birthday so since she was going to be a few hours away my older sister and her husband came to stay with my brother and I for the weekend. My parents were freshly separated at this point and I was very attached to my mom so her being gone for the weekend probably already triggered me a little bit. On top of that you need to know my biggest trigger is the fear of getting sick or actually getting sick. I have actually worried so much that I was going to get sick that it made me throw up. So anyways, we are all hanging out and everything is fine when out of the blue I start to feel ""fuzzy"" which now I know was the anxiety setting in but at the time I thought I was getting sick. I knew if I told my sister it would make it worse so I just got in bed and hoped I'd sleep through it and be fine the next morning. But a few minutes later my sister came in and asked me why I was in bed already and I made the mistake of telling her I didn't feel good. The look of concern on her face pushed me over the edge. Now I'm sweating, shaking, dizzy, and hyperventilating. She gets her husband to come in and he starts asking me questions about how I feel and at this point my body is shutting down. I can hardly speak or open my eyes so they decide to take me to the ER. This all spiraled out of control in just a few minutes. Now, I can't lift my head or walk or anything because I'm so weak so they carry me to the car and rush me to the hospital. Once we're there they take me in right away which proves how bad I was because everyone knows the worst people are taken in first in the ER. They hook me up to an IV and after a few minutes my hands start to hurt really bad. I look down and my fingers are curled in like a claw and I can't undo them. I panic even more and my sister tries prying them open, but they won't and it hurts. At this point I've realized my toes are doing it too so my sister runs to get the nurse. The nurse says it's a reaction from hyperventilating and that since I can't calm down they're going to have to give me something to make me sleep. The next thing I know, I'm in my bed at home. They released me from the hospital when I was still knocked out and my brother in law carried me back to the car and up to my bed without me ever knowing it. I have a lot more experiences and stories if you want to know more. What was your worst attack like?"
"Breakdown I'm on medical leave from my dream job that turned out to be a nightmare. My psychiatrist wrote me out after several months of trying to re-stabalize bipolar and increasingly hard to handle anxiety. I had my anxiety under control for years and years until this. Being on leave has caused even more severe anxiety, some days I can barely get out of bed. I wake up several times a night having panic attacks, my heart is fluttering as soon as I wake up in the morning. I can't handle feeling like something catastrophic is lurking around every corner.   I know CBT and am practicing it, it's not helping. I can't afford to pay my employer premiums while I'm on leave so I have no coverage for therapy, already paying cash for my psychiatrist and meds.  I feel like I made a huge mistake. I should have sucked it up and kept working. Workplace gossip is so bad at my employer, I don't want to face what has been said about me when I go back. Those who know why I'm out do not follow confidentiality protocols at all so at this point I expect everyone to know I'm bipolar and had a breakdown. I'm embarrassed enough taking leave. I have no FMLA and wish they'd just fire me at this point."
"I weigh more than I ever have in my life and I feel great. I'm 5'6 and used to weight 120lbs soaking wet. I was not confident in my body despite all the compliments I got on how thin I was. I took the ridicule to heart, despite the ""omg what do you eat, i want a body like yours"" comments i couldnt shake the feeling that i looked like a 12 year old boy.  Small boobs and a tiny butt.    I realized I had an eating disorder recently, especially after I gained the weight.     I was on a medication called Zyprexa and within a week I gained a lot of weight.  I stopped the medication after about a month (maybe less) but couldnt get the weight off despite not being on the medication anymore.    At first I felt awful. I thought i was fat and disgusting. My little belly made me feel hideous.  I started purging occasionally and starving myself.  I would lose a few pounds that way, but would gain it right back.    I talked about my weight gain with a lot of people and how it made me feel.  No one noticed the weight i put on because now I'm actually at a healthy weight for my height.  A few people said they did notice, actually but that it looked good.  A close friend told me i looked like a woman now and you know what, i do.  I have slight curves and a little booty, despite the cellulite.  My tits got fuller looking. So i have a bit of a tum, i can work on that.    I have a boyfriend who i met AFTER my weight gain and he loves my body.  He makes me feel like a goddess, so that helps.    It's still discouraging when I have to get rid of a tight pair of pants that used to fit me but doesn't anymore, but overall, I'm happy with my body now and it only took 31 years of being a stick figure, to gain 25lbs, and be open about my struggles with my weight and body image."
"I need help taking my relationships to the next level When I was younger, i was sexually molested by a friend of mine. He put his hand down by pants and touched my ass (I'm a straight guy). I recently found out that the same day, he did it to my sister and I'm glad I'm just finding this out now, as if I knew it then, I would be jail right now.   With that backstory, I feel that this has fucked up every relationship with a girl I've been in. I feel like I don't want to get intimate as I know what it feels like to have that happen when you don't want it. I don't know how to fix this without therapy and/or a understanding girlfriend, which I doubt I'll get with this"
"My long distance boyfriend is really struggling with depression It's making my depression go through the roof. We have been together for around 7 months but have seen each other twice,i have always known about his struggle, attempts etc. Everytime i tell him to try to get help, he just declines it and pushes me away. Someone just please help me before it's too late, i dont wanna lose him."
"Wife Wants to know what she's missing... My wife has asked me to post on reddit since she's not a user about what she might be missing in getting her stomach flattened the rest of the way. She had our son about a year and a half ago and I couldn't be prouder of the progress she's made but shes stuck on her belly. Here is her weekly routine:  &amp;#x200B;  Monday:  4x10 Shoulder Shrugs  4x5 Deadlifts  3x10 Decline Situps  Pullup challenge (see how many she can get that day)  Run her allotted amount for Half Marathon Training  &amp;#x200B;  Tuesday:  Rest Day  &amp;#x200B;  Wednesday:  Kettle bells 1 hour  Zumba 1 hour  &amp;#x200B;  Thursday  Yoga 1 hour  Shoulders (Lat Pulldown, Bent Rows 3x10)  Core Workout (consisting of abs and back 3x10)  Interval Run 1-2 miles  &amp;#x200B;  Friday  Rest Day  &amp;#x200B;  Saturday  Kettlebells 1 hour  Zumba 1 hour  Run allotted time for half marathon training  &amp;#x200B;  Sunday  Rest Day  &amp;#x200B;  Diet is high protein low carb.  &amp;#x200B;  Is she just missing patience or is there some ab crushing excercise she could add to this mix? She has considered leg raises and another form of leg raises that I've never heard of but she wanted advice first before adding anything else to her workout routine. Thoughts my fitness folk?"
"I got my own place! On 11/8/18 I told my husband I wanted a divorce.  I went to stay with my parents while i tried to figure out living arrangements. Staying in the home with him while we go through the divorce is not an option, although we own it together.  Yesterday i got the keys to my new apartment.😊 after 2 days of moving, which included him threatening me and throwing my things out in the snow, then crying and begging me to stay..... I am sitting here in this mess of half unpacked things in an apartment 1/4 of the size of the house I still own but can't live in...  And I feel very good. I've never felt so free. I can't believe it took this long, but I am so thankful I finally did it. Freedom. No more walking on eggshells. No more pretend forgiveness to keep the peace. No more anxiety about what will happen next. NO MORE FIGHTS. No more praying that the neighbors wont hear and call 911. No more hearing my daughter scream in fear watching violence. It's really fucking over. He is probably at home crying. And I don't care. I couldn't be happier."
One of the most fulfilling moments during meditation is when you “think” your itches away It makes me feel like I could really control the world lol.   That’s it
"My friend lives in a really unstabble country Oman, that's sad to hear."
My son has ADHD and he’s beginning to get aggressive and depressed I think. My son is only 5 and he’s in kindergarten. When he started the year he wasn’t medicated or diagnosed yet because we just thought he was being a normal hyper child. When school started his teacher reached out to us in the first week and told us he was disruptive and wouldn’t stay in his seat or stop talking and wouldn’t even begin to try and do his work because he was so busy with everything else. We got him evaluated and his DR put him on Adderall xr 5mg and that worked for maybe 2 hours so the Dr doubled the dose to 10 mg and he started doing great in school. Happy faces at least 4 days a week. But it’s been almost 4 months now and he’s doing horrible in school and he’s punching kids and just being mean and nasty at home and wants to fight to do anything. He goes to bed at 7:30 and wakes up at 6:30 but he always wakes up screaming that he wants to go back to sleep and when he gets out of school he immediately falls asleep in the car. Does anyone else have this problem?  Or something similar?
"Airport app? Like a few here I imagine, the thought of doing things like catching a plane terrifies me.  It's the 'not knowing what to do/where to go' aspect of it rather than a fear of flying.  I'm wondering if there's such thing as an app that literally tells you where you need to go (based on what airport you are in) and what you need to do. Like, it would literally have an arrow telling you where to go and would say ''after 20 steps you will be at airport security where you need to take you shoes off'' or whatever, lol  There's adventures that I want to take but things like getting lost in the airport and missing my flight out of stupidity or not knowing how to get the train in a foreign country to get to my hotel etc scare me too much"
"i hit myself when i’m angry idk if i should go talk to a counselor or a doctor but for months i’ve been getting full blown mental breakdowns and i’ve been getting uncontrollably angry to the point where i get violent (with others and myself) and one day i started hitting myself. i keep getting so angry, i cry and hyperventilate then i take it out on myself and i feel so ashamed after coming to terms with what i’ve done but i can’t help it. for example, yesterday i got so mad i think i genuinely blacked out and my first instinct was to hit myself. it started with little hits on the head but has gotten worse. i have started to hit my thighs and usually i’m left with bruises or a major headache a few hours later or the next day. i want to stop doing this but i’m having trouble finding ways to control my anger.  not sure if this matters but my mom was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and depression and i’ve experienced a traumatic experience in my childhood. i keep the details of the event very private and i feel as though it’s coming back to haunt me and i have no other choice but to beat myself up for it."
"I feel like I have dealt with ADHD for so long without medication, that having the mental clarity my medication gives makes me uncomfortable. Hi all, my first post here so sorry if this has been mentioned before. To make a long story short, I knew something was...different...with my mind for a long time. I was always doing exceptionally well in school, was in AIG, and didn’t have really serious behavioral issues, but I did have a lot of problems with remembering anything, focusing (especially on subjects I didn’t like, i.e. MATH) keeping track of time/important dates, keeping track of physical objects, and listening...some hyperactivity too, among other things. I grew up in a poor rural area without mental health professionals nearby, and my mother really didn’t “believe” in a lot of mental illnesses, especially ADHD. Since I did well in school and didn’t have serious issues, no one really noticed anything was wrong, other than my mom who berated me for my issues and said it was stupidity/laziness/etc. Fast forward to junior year of college, and I get tested for, and ultimately diagnosed with ADHD after speculation from my family doctor for a few years. I tried many different medications but not many of them worked for me, but the ones that did work made me feel...weird. It feels like my head is so clear that I am ~tooooo~ tuned in. it isn’t necessarily a jittery feeling, but it is uncomfortable and I talk way too much in this headspace. is this something anyone else has faced? I recently started a new job and am having trouble concentrating, and I feel like I need to be medicated again but I don’t know if i want to if this is how it all makes me feel. Any suggestions/personal experiences are greatly appreciated.   TL;DR: I worry being undiagnosed and unmedicated most of my life so far has made me feel like the mental clarity my ADHD meds give me is an uncomfortable feeling."
"Alberta, Canada. Damage deposit on Apartment but not moving in anymore Paid a damage deposit for a rental apartment yesterday. I am not moving in anymore as i have found someone better and less sketchy.  Landlord said he wont return the damage deposit until someone else claims the apartment. Can he do that? Thanks.  I have not signed anything or a lease.  Thanks"
"how severe is pulling your hair out like what kind of anxiety is it? is it like moderate or mild or what? Plus biting your nails, should I see a psychologist or not what do you guys say"
"Why is everything so much harder when you're mentally unhealthy? Every thing feels like a fucking chore, even something as mundane as getting out of bed."
"Isolation and Detachment from Humans I never felt truly human. Since a young age I have done many things independently and even taught myself to read and write in English at the age of 5 when predominantly spoke another language at home (First generation US citizen). Also had extremely vivid lucid dreams where this current reality looks/feels dull in comparison to the places.  Needless to say as a child I didn’t attempt to make any friends within my age range because their interests never aligned with mine noticing  I was a step ahead of everyone else. As I got older, I started to become hypersensitive to people, whenever they would communicate I would observe EVERY single detail to where they place their hands, to tone of voice, my direct eye contact would always make them look away and any attempt to make an empathic connection would be hindered by this over detailing. I will become overwhelmed with so much personal information of the other person that my mind shuts off.   Because of this hypersensitivity, psychotherapy never helped as I can easily sense the falsehood of concern in their voices, it would always upset me how they do not notice how their choice of worlds will always reveals their inner personality/ thought process and when I bring this up they will quickly change tone and deflect the attention to my insecurities further confirming my innate feeling that they truly do not care about the actual person. Antidepressants would either fall into 2 categories. No difference or dissociation to reality. By the age of 25 I gave up modern medicine and help.  The irony lies in where physically I should have no problem making friends or building connections with others. I am fully aware of my physical beauty and have amassed a sizeable following on various social media platforms where I consistently receive likes and comments, all of which neither thrill me like it does my peers and only held them to communicate to specific groups. My last selfie was over 9months ago as I no longer relate to the growing phenomenon as its honestly pedantic and narcissistic. On the outside I am a loving mother/wife and have everything I could ever need.   To wrap it up, this compilation of inner isolation and daily loneliness has compounded into apathy towards the human condition where unfortunately the people whose words have resonated most deeply are dead (Jung, Nietzsche, Hesse, Rumi,McKenna) and I am forever an alien trapped in a primitive decaying flesh suit that happens to appeal to current aesthetics (doesn’t really have benefits except gaining an advantage to persuading the opposite sex). I often daydream about going to a shooting range and using a gun to end it. I have attempted suicide a few times before however I have had someone find me midway thru and call for help leading to weeks of hell and shame. I finally came out here using a throwaway account to see if anyone else perhaps have gone through this dark life of loneliness as I am starting to renounce my presence in this world.  TLDR: Young bright female cannot find any living kinship towards others throughout life and current events makes me hate the human race where I no longer want to be a part of it. Prove me wrong"
When do you tell? When do you tell a new boy or girl friend that you have bi polar disorder? Up front or wait til you get to know them better.
"does anyone get really bad back and neck pain in a depressed phase? I have huge highs and lows but I always have neck pain. after I got diagnosed with depression I noticed how bad it gets in my lows. it gets to a point where I can't move my legs or my head at all. it's really hard to get out of my bed and do stuff. it makes feeling happy way harder than ever. I have not seen a doctor yet but part of the reason for that is that my mom doesn't take me serious. she thinks I'm pretending and belittles it. does anyone else has that?  (excuse my bad english, im a German)"
"Probation violation question in WA state I'm not sure what to do about this situation that came up last and was hoping someone here could at least point me in the right direction.   I recieved a DUI conviction 3 and a half years ago (no accident involved) and was put on 5 years of probation. The probation terms were the standard no criminal charges, no DUIs, no refusing a breathalyzer or driving without a valid license or insurance. It also included that I was to get no speeding tickets for more than 5 over. (My driving record prior to the DUI had about 2-3 tickets a year).   Well last night I was pulled over on my way home from work for 74 in a 60 and cited accordingly. I know I messed up and violated my probation, but I am not sure what happens next. The judge made it sound as if the act of being cited would violate the probation. But I am unsure as the wording on the paperwork I have says ""no speeding 5 over""  I haven't done anything with the ticket yet and my question is what should be my next step?   I'm not as concerned with the 150 dollar fine from the ticket but more so the 29 days of my sentance that were suspended, as well as the few thousand dollars in fines that I have stupidly exposed myself to.  Should I contact the probation office or let them contact me? And if anyone has some insight about similar cases and their outcome that would be greatly appreciated."
"Car that was borrowed a year ago essentially stolen (promised payment never met) for a year, still paying insurance and tax. I’m actually writing on behalf of a family friend, but I can get any information necessary. Location is northern VA. The car was borrowed to someone we’ll call friend1 from famFriend after friend1’s car broke down. About 2 weeks later friend1 said he’d buy the car in payments for a total of $400 which was a good price, about half of what it was worth. Long story short after bugging him about it for a year, no payments have been completed, and the insurance on the car/tax which famFriend is still paying has added up to a total of about another 400$, maybe more but I can get exact numbers if necessary. The only things in writing involved here are text messages. famFriend has threatened to get legal or police involvement but friend1 just acted like a baby saying he can’t pay and “she’s ruining his life.” Any help on the best course of action is appreciated, thank you."
"Going back to college after medical withdrawal? Two years ago, I was in my third year of college and got hit with a really bad depressive funk. Depression has been something I've struggled with since I was a teenager, and it hit an all-time low (high?) because of all the stresses I was under at the time. So, I dropped out of college. I eventually got a medical excuse from the doctor who has been treating me and received W's for that semester. Ever since then, I have been trying to get back to school and have encountered an even rougher path. I've been in a better place recently, and am hopeful for the future, and would like to go back to finish my education. Has anyone else gone back after dropping out/withdrawing because of this horrible illness? If so, do you have any tips on going back and how? Thank you."
"How to get rid of my attraction to girls and replace it to an attraction to Dakimuras? I never had a relationship with a girl before, I tried to talk to girls multiple times only to be called  “weird”, “creepy” “future rapist” etc.  Is there anyway I can rewire myself mentally into loving a dakimura since all girls dislike me before I get to know them?  I have been led on and been embarrassed by the nicest of girls at my school and church, I’m thinking if I try to pursue a relationship with a Dakimura instead because obviously I can’t be out “creeping” on people or “raping” women when I’m inside with my dakimura all day.   I looked differently from everyone, causing them to treat me differently, ultimately causing me to act differently. I have been pelted with rocks by groups of people, spat on, led on by girls that “liked” me only to get humiliated, jumped on by different people almost weekly and for me to be the one that gets sent home OSS because I was the one “bullying” them.  I just wanted to show the world that I had the ability to love others and be loved but obviously it didn’t work out that way differently. I wanted friends, I wanted companionship, I wanted a romantic relationship with a girl my age but obviously since it was coming from me I was asking for too much. Everyone that had similar hobbies to me didn’t like said hobby anymore when I asked them to hangout. Every girl that I asked out replied “Im lesbian.”, “hell nawww ugly ass boy!”, “You just turned me lesbian” or “This is some sick joke right?”  I was known as the school creep and people started taking pictures of me, uploading them to Instagram when it was starting to boom at the end of middle school. They’ve then began spreading rumors about me, mistruths, partial truths, lies and other things about me that other people believed because I happened to fit the narrative.  If you want to hate me, I just want you to hate me for the right reasons, about the things that I actually did because I actually own up to them, however I didn’t do much, I stayed silent and only spoke when talked to, because in the eyes of everyone I was the bad guy no matter what I did and I deserved everything that came my way.  My most memorable experience was when I was walking down the hallway, a group of girls not paying attention to me was walking adjacent to me when one of the girls said “put me on”. Her assumed friend pointed to me and giggled. Her friend began bawling and said “fuck no, that’s that scary ass Atrocious looking ass Nigga!”  I’ve been going to multiple therapists for the past 3 years and they just don’t get it. They keep giving me all of this bullshit no sense like “Just be yourself” and “One day all of your bullies will be working for you!”  That’s especially funny when I asked out my crush in middle school, she told me she was lesbian and a guy that routinely bullied me showed me a video on his phone of him having sex with her and her screaming his name. He laughed and walked away.  This guy doesn’t really mess with me anymore but now he’s a literal football star and he is respected and loved while no one wants to be within 3 feet of me.  I gave up on finding female friends, girls avoid me whenever I show up and become hostile when I am in the area around them for too long. I have absolutely no chance of getting a girlfriend and I made the logical choice and gave up a long time ago because me simply being alive inflicts pain and suffering upon them.  Rant over  On side note: What Dakimura should I buy?"
"New here... failing at life! So I’m pretty new to Reddit. I came across this page, I’m an anxiety sufferer. It had gotten better until recently, however I feel like I’m failing as an adult. I’m 39, divorced but have an AMAZING girlfriend, and 2 daughters.      I’m writing to ask if anyone else here just basically feels like they’re failing at life. I joined the army at 19. I’ve worked in surgery for the last 20 years. My anxiety attacks didn’t start until I was about 35 (my mother suffered as well until she passed away at 57). I had just gotten divorced and my cheating ex got custody of my daughters. THATS when the anxiety started. Things began to unravel. I got a dog, he helped a lot just to give me someone to spend time with. There were days and days I couldn’t leave the house. Just thinking about it gave me anxiety..... some time has passed since then. I’m on medication, which works, but now I’ve become dependent on the big “X”, not abusing, just dependent.     2 weeks ago I had a spinal fusion, my doctor said that working in surgery caused my spine issue, and doesn’t want me going back, it’s the only thing I’ve ever done. One day I’m taking out cancer, the next day I’m jobless and can’t return to my field of expertise. SO.... this is where my “failing at life” comes in. I have zero income. I’m in the middle of trying to get my child support reduced because I can’t pay. My girlfriend, the love of my life who has stuck by my side through everything, is a real go-getter. I feel like I’m failing her. I have no degree. No job to go back to. And I’m worried she’s about to give up on me. No idea how to get out of this maze. All the while I still have months of recovering from my surgery until I can get medically released to do any kind of work.      Sorry for rambling but I just feel like giving up. I would never hurt myself so I honestly don’t really know what I mean by “giving up”. I just feel like I can’t win. All of this pressure is making my anxiety worse. My perfect girlfriend has zero issues, and I’m a mess, she really has her shit together, I don’t think she fully understands what it’s like to have depression and anxiety. Then again, as I’m sure you all know, unless you’ve actually had anxiety issues, you can’t really understand. (I’m sure we all have that friend that says “just think of something else” or “just cheer up and get out more”)     I guess I’m just venting, maybe looking for advice, or someone who has been through a similar situation could possibly throw their 2 cents in.     Thanks for listening. I luckily have a positive attitude despite this shit show, and a great sense of humor. Just to once again reiterate.... NOT SUICIDAL! Just kinda screwed right now and don’t know where to turn."
"Are my friends bad people? Am I a bad person for this ? Two of my friends ( 18M) invited an unpopular sophomore (16F) She's bullied a lot and doesn't have many friends They got her very drunk everything after that is very blurry.   She said yes but was clearly intoxicated then told her to take off her clothes. She did. They took her to another house and told her to start doing sexual things and she did. When they penetrated her she was squirming a lot and said it hurt and i think she started to bleed and have a tear in her vagina now.   The next day they called her ugly, fat, gross, slt and disgusting. She had a crush on one of my friends but they this was her fault and she wanted. Are they bad people I don't know this girl but shes very quiet and nice. She wants to see one of the guys again because she said shes lonley. Are they bad?   TL;DR:Friends invited unpopular girl to party and did stuff to her"
"Looking to hear your experiences withchanging meds from Zoloft to Wellbutrin Hey! I’ve been on Zoloft for 2 years now, and for many reasons I’m no longer happy with it... side effects are outweighing the positive effects at this point. After reading about other meds &amp; mode of action, side effects, etc. I’m hoping to give Wellbutrin a try. I’ve found posts on message boards, etc of people switching from Zoloft to Wellbutrin, but usually it’s right after switching and they’re in the thick of withdrawal and adjusting to new meds. I’d love to hear from anyone who switched a while ago who could give a more long-term perspective of how the experience was for you. Thank you!!"
"Perhaps the cure to schizophrenia? I’ve seemed to stumble upon this video which explains schizophrenia from another view.   https://youtu.be/tJN3D8UhtGQ  An abstract look at the video: schizophrenia is the result of a different way of thinking trying to fit into an industrialized world. Madness ensues in the schizophrenic when there is no belief or order to align with. That is why those who practice shamanism can align their hallucinations with spirits and remain calm and confident as they have meaning. Shamans don’t “lose their minds” in a sense, but rather know there is a reason for the hallucinations . It is well known those with schizophrenia suffer more in individualistic societies such as the U.S. They are told their hallucinations hold no value and to ignore them.   But for a moment try to imagine a world in which everyone is schizophrenic and the minority have the egotistical brain. The ego man won’t understand why he doesn’t see “spirits” or why he doesn’t hear voices. The ego man won’t be able to fit into the schizophrenic world, in which madness ensues for him.   Schizophrenia put simply is a different way of thinking. That’s it. And perhaps because they think the way they do, thats why so many of them suffer in this individualistic, capitalistic, egotistical society. Maybe schizophrenics need a little rationality to blend with their thoughts so they don’t lose themselves, and perhaps the ego man needs a little creativity to loosen the tight mind.  Philosophically, we almost all of us suffer from delusions, as the world is completely neutral. Anytime a meaning is assigned to something, a delusion has been created. Which means that from a societal view, “reality” is just the universally accepted delusion. The delusion of good vs. bad, the delusion of normalcy. And the delusion of the purpose of life.  I highly recommend watching the video above."
"Pregnant With No Insurance - Options? Pregnant. No changing that. Through various circumstances I am uninsured. Medicaid is out of the question due to income limits. I'm wondering if I should go through the pregnancy out of pocket and negotiate/apply for financial aid where possible, or if there are really any alternatives at all? Live in a fairly rural area if that makes a difference so there aren't a lot of services nearby.  &amp;#x200B;  Looking for advice, or anything really."
Is there a minimum number of vacation days required by law by an employer? My employer is stingy with vacation days and gave us 7 paid days off a year and then increased it recently to 10 as a minimum and 12 for people who have worked here for 3 years. I qualify for the 12 days a year but I did not realize 2 or 3 weeks of paid vacation was what most people get until I started asking around. (I just graduated and this is my first real office job). We get 3 sick days off a year and they reset every year. I am in California.
"I’m at the end of my rope here I feel like such a piece of shit.   I’m tired of my depression and anxiety   I’m tired of telling a few of my friends and family about my problems because they have their own issues to deal with and I don’t deserve to have them try and carry my burdens as well as their own.  I’m tired of sending out blatant cries for help and having most of my friends ignore them or think it’s funny and that I’m trying to meme or something.  I’m tired of having to see a counselor and talking and telling them my problems but leaving not feeling any better even though I say “it was a good session”.  I’m tired of having mood swings from cripplingly depressed to enraged and irritable.  I’m tired of generally being emotionally dead to the point where I can’t cry anymore if I feel sad.  I’m tired of remembering my rape and the pain and anxiety and depression it caused me.  I’m tired of hating myself because I let all this happen to me. I chose to be this “stone-cold” figure because I didn’t want to open up or trust anyone with how I really feel.  I’m tired of posting shit like this on my social media because it’s nice at first but my feelings generally never change.  I’m tired of being alone because I don’t want anyone to have to deal with my issues and just choosing to be alone instead.  I’m tired. And I just want it to end. Maybe it will be later tonight, or a few days from now. I don’t even know if I’ll have the guts to go through with it. Maybe I’ll just drive off into the horizon and never look back. Probably not though, killing myself is a lot easier.  I think I’m done."
"I have trouble starting conversations with people without an explicit reason to I pride myself in the fact that I've been able to become so good at being social. I feel like I can have a conversation with anyone in any situation as long as they approach me first or I have something I need to ask them (this then transitions into regular conversion, outside of the initial question.).  Something I've been struggling with my whole life though (to the point of considering medication) is initiating a conversation with someone from nothing. examples being with a co-worker, classmate or friend you're with face-to-face or even starting a texting conversation with someone I'd just like to talk with or get to know better.   This gets so bad to the point where sometimes I know I'm going to be around someone I'm interested in getting to know better at a certain time (like at school or work). So I stress out about how I'll greet them or start a natural (not forced) conversation with them hours prior to being around them. Most of the time I just end up never speaking to them or wait for them to say something to me where from that point onward I have no trouble at all socializing.  I was wondering if any of you have this issue and how you got passed it? (if you did)"
"Is it only people on the Autism Spectrum that stim? Hey everyone,  I've been doing a bit of digging into my emotional and social issues I've been having throughout my seemingly 'normal' life.   I understand I can't post a full list of my traits on this sub, and ask if it seems likely I have ASD or not. But i did this on an 'Aspergers' sub and had some good feedback.  So, alot of my traits I have seemingly can be interchangeable with other issues, like OCD, Social Anxiety, Depression etc. But one, I associate with Autism the most and makes me believe I am on the spectrum.  That trait is Stimming. Basically, when I'm imagining things or responding to things I see/hear on tv/radio, I will lock my hands together and tap them together for a few seconds. If I've a pen, I will drum it and flap it about. This is all done behind close doors, and I wouldn't openly do it in public.  Firstly is that a stim? And also, is it possible to confirm someone who is NT wouldn't engage in this, and thus it is more likely I have Autism to some degree?"
"Parents who have biting toddlers who got kicked out of school. What did you do? My 3.5 year old is biting at preschool. It’s becoming more and more frequent and I’m worried he will be kicked out. He is our only kid, no changes in routine. He didn’t bite (well maybe once) the first couple months. Then it became more like every 2 weeks, then every week, now it’s twice this week, he was sent home today for it. What do you do if your kid is kicked out for biting? My husband works full time, I start working full time in one month. Preschools where I live have long waiting lists."
What is the best excessive to get rid of Eiffel Tower chest? I just started working out at the beginning of the year and went from 122-129 and I was wondering how to get rid of the Eiffel Tower shape between my pecs that just began to come in?
"Can anxiety really be beaten? Often, I see advice saying things like cut caffeine, exercise frequenty, take care of your hygeine, or force yourself to socialize. I do all of this, and I am constantly on edge. Every waking moment is hell. My mind will never stop. I am overwhelmed by everything. It is pathetic and agonising. I cannot handle this anymore, so I am now considering meds.  However, I am too scared to take meds. I am terrified of getting addicted, or it affecting ny school performance. I cannot afford any mistakes. I tried going to a psychologist and couldn't handle it. I get that anxiety is illogical, but I cannot let someone know how crazy my mind really is. I am willing to try therapy again, but I don't think I can ever find someone I will be able to talk to.  I cannot take this anymore; it is too much. Please help me."
Any advice on a rowing machine to buy for home? I like the ones at PF but I moved away and don't have a gym in my town. Running is out of the question since I don't want to exacerbate my knee pain.
There are bombs that neutralize chemical weapons Enough with the Russian propaganda   http://www.popularmechanics.com/military/weapons/amp19804988/how-to-destroy-syrias-chemical-weapons/
"I don't know if I can do this anymore I can't. I don't have the effort.  I was falsely accused of rape 2 years ago and it ruined my life. I was proven innocent.  I just opened up to a girl who was so understanding it blew me off my feet. She knows everything about me and I couldn't imagine anything would go wrong. She was so open. After the first date we spent days in bed together and talked, shared everything together. I've not been able to be naked around someone since the verdict.   A few days ago she told me her fantasy is being with 2 guys at once. Fair enough. I told her I don't think I could be involved in that if I had feelings for someone. In turn she asked if I had 2 who would be up for it instead?  Heart crushed. But fair, nothing promised, it's fine, I'm not going to be a r/niceguy.  Thought I should bring it up in conversation that if that's something she needs to do to answer the questions about life then I shouldn't stand in the way of her getting those answers.  She was so honest and said yes, that's an answer she needs. In which case, I'm alone again. I can't do this anymore. I am not blaming this beautiful person but I don't think I can ever love again. Therefore, what's the point of living?"
"Im over it. It hasnt got better. Nothing has got better. A couple months I came on here to try and get help. I was wanting to end it all and I thought things were turning up. I was taking pills. I was in therapy. But then, a cancer screening, a broken ankle and a serious relationship breaking up happened. And now I just could give fuck all. Life has never got better. Started getting molested and raped and beat by my brothers and father and then went to my grandpa doing stuff. Then it went to an absuive relationship. Then a sickness. Then a tumor. Then another sickness (Ms) and then another sexual assault. Now all of this. I can't help it anymore man. I just don't see a hope anymore. I want so badly to give up.  I ruin everything."
"It's so hard to remember the times that my mind was free from anxiety, OCD and all kind of this things. It's like I was always like that."
"Being an introvert can suck sometimes 24 y/o M 24 y/o   Ever since I finished college, almost all of my friends disappeared. Almost everyone I know now is 10-20 years older than I am. I can relate to them for the most part, but they are not people I would hang out with as I did in college. The title makes it obvious, I am an introvert and I do not talk much in most social situations. I have learned ways to embrace my personality type rather than pretend to be something that I am not (an introvert trying to be an extrovert is a goddamn mess) through writing and practicing music again. But lately, I have been spending a lot of time alone. I try to trick myself into thinking this isolation will help inspire my creativity, but a small part of me really yearns for meaningful relationships, especially in dating. I have never dated anyone outside of the occasional fling that ends poorly. My attitude towards dating in the past has not been healthy, and I got to the point of giving up trying. The dating scene of who is the most ""alpha"" and competing for female attention sickens me, and I cannot function or ""compete"" from that perspective.   &amp;#x200B;  I try to ""put myself out there"" now and then. But I always end up just sitting at a countertop or table, finish my drink and leave after 30 minutes. Starting a conversation with a stranger has always been tough for me.   &amp;#x200B;  I might be too much of a cheap ass to pick up a bad drug habit, but drugs have helped symptoms but failed to treat any of the real problems causing it.   &amp;#x200B;  At this point, I just want someone to talk to, at least text to read. Hopefully someone will respond to this, as I am losing hope."
"Extreme dentist anxiety advice I'm sitting in the dentist's office currently. I think I'm overdue for an appointment by almost a year now. I had a scheduled appointment for 2 weeks ago, but I called and cancelled because I got too damn anxious.  A big part of my current anxiety is I know I have ~3 cavities at least. It sucks because I keep rescheduling appointments due to anxiety, which leads to my cavities and other dental problems getting worse.  To help explain things, I've had an extensive history with orthodontists/oral surgeons dating back to when I was 11 years old. I'm 23 now. Basically I was born with an extra set of front teeth and my ""real"" set was deformed, and I had to go through about 3 surgeries to attempt to fix this at an early age and when I was 20 I finally went through with a bone graft/implant procedure. That failed and I had to re-do it. All of this amounted to 4 more surgeries. It was very expensive, painful, and traumatic, and through it all I have come to link dentists with bad bad news. The good news: I think the last implant is here to stay and my smile is beautiful! You would never guess my front teeth are fake. The bad news: this extreme anxiety has resulted, and crops up as early as a few weeks before a scheduled dentist appointment.  This is really debilitating, and I still have things I'll need to get done like wisdom teeth removed/possible root canal/etc. But this anxiety makes it pretty hard to even function in other areas of life whenever I know I've got an appointment coming up. Is there anything I can do to try and fix this? I've had dentists notice my irrational anxiety and comment that it should get better the more I go, but it just seems to get worse. They don't ever understand.  I hope this is the right place to post. I considered posting in r/anxietyhelp but that sub seems to get no traffic. Please help!"
"Suggestion: Ban flat earth posts I never advocate censorship, but there has been a consistent and obvious trend in the rise of FE posts when anything substantial is happening in the news which might draw ""normies"" to this sub to see what conspiracy users are discussing and what information is being posted on the subject.   It seems clear that the correlated increase in FE posts is an effort to discredit the sub.  I am happy with the reduction in shitposting that the submission statement rule has resulted in, and i think if the goal is to actually attract the attention of more ""normies"" to redpill, then shutting down the FE posts is the next logical step.  I take no issue with hollow earth posts or anything similar. They are not my personal beliefs, but thats not what this sub is about.   Nothing instantly destroys this sub's credibility like a bunch of posts about the earth being flat, which is quite easily disproven with some very simple science.  The earth is obviously not flat. I think we can safely call this one debunked."
"Filing taxes separely after buying a home, claiming closing costs, interest, etc. My girlfriend and I bought a home together this past May. As of now we still have separate bank accounts and will file our taxes separately. We split the closing costs and each monthly mortgage payment evenly, but the paper trail would make it look like she is the one making payments (monthly auto payment from her checking account, and I give her my half via Venmo/cash).   In filing our taxes, we received documents from our bank detailing how much was paid in interest in 2018. Do we split this number down the middle, is she the only one who can claim it since she was the one who actually made the payments?  Any assistance or info is appreciated, thanks"
Busybodies are insufferable. Fuck off! Why do people need us to stay alive?
"spinning out tl;dr and t/w: lots of heavy venting lolz  so i watched this new show on netflix about a figure skater who deals with bipolar disorder and they showed how one of her coping mechanisms was biting herself. i was clean for a couple of months and this is the first time i sorta have the urge to feel the pain again in a very long time. don’t get me wrong, the show is great! it’s just that i wish they put a t/w so i’d at least expect it, you know?   i guess that sometimes i dramatize my feelings cause i wanna be like those characters in tv shows or people in these subreddits who suffer so much more than me, and i don’t know why. i know that it’s bad, i know that i’m bad for thinking this way and i’m really sorry. i don’t know if i felt the urge to hurt myself again because that’s what others should feel. i don’t know if i even started hurting myself because that’s what others do. i don’t even know if i’m depressed or anxious or derealised for reals. i pretend to be fucked up and i convince myself that i am, i convince myself that i need help, but it’s for the wrong reasons. i don’t need help because i’m depressed or something, i need help because i’m a bad person. and by help i mean isolating myself from society in an asylum or just death. i don’t know even that last part of the sentence felt so fabricated like i’m trying to fit in with other suicidal people. i’m sorry fuck i’m so sorry"
"To family, I am so sorry    Hudson,  You’re my best buddy. Truly. If it wasn’t for you a note with the same purpose of this one would have been written a long time ago. I’ve tried to become the father you need, but unfortunately I am unable to adapt. Every time I have felt myself take steps in the right direction, a hurricane comes through and knocks me back 100 paces and hurts all of those closest to me. I am the hurricane. I am so sorry for the damage I’ve done to you. This doesn’t justify anything, but just know that with everything you hate me with I hate myself 1000x more.  I love you, Son. Please be the man I couldn’t. Please take care of your mother.  Henry,  You are a ball of love and light in my life. It is especially hard leaving you because I know you will not remember me. You can’t remember the things I’ve done to our family. You might be the only one who doesn’t truly hate me. But I want you to know, that you should. I can sit here and say that I love you, but in the end; I wasn’t strong enough to stick it out for you. And I am eternally regretful of that. I hope that you can overcome this and become a stronger person than your father.  I love you, Son. Be strong. I am so sorry.  Madi,  You are my partner. My best friend. You’ll be in my thoughts in my final moments and I think that is important for you to know. I killed myself everyday over the pain I’ve caused you and our family. There is nothing I can say to make it okay or take it back. I just hope that you might not hate me when I am gone. I love you more than I love anyone or anything. I am so sorry.  Please be strong for our boys. Please, Momma. Please do what I couldn’t. It’s not fair for me to leave this burden on you, I know that.    Goodbye."
"Gray skies. I’m not sure if it’s the depression or I just like it, but I love gray skies. They make me feel better when I look out the window. Speaking from my heart. Peace and love."
"Can’t speak, any advice? Throughout my life I have been a very social person because I had a tricky home life and normally had to latch on to different friends to stay outside of my home. I use to believe I could speak to anyone, but now I can barely talk or respond to my friends.  I normally have something to say but just forget before I can speak, I seem very awkward and everything I say seems to be uninteresting or irrelevant. I’m worried I have lost a big part of myself through anxiety what should I do"
Most of weight loss is to eat a little less and move a little more. Why do people struggle so much with it? Personal trainer here and male stripper. I have always been an active person. I love playing football and at around 22 I discovered my love for the gym and have been going religiously 5-6 times a week since.  When I discovered tracking calories was when I saw real progress in my physique and I was able to cut down and really shred up. Ever since I am quite good at tracking food and being a caloric deficit so I can maintain how I look for my second job which is stripping.  I'm curious for people who aren't inclined to train and eat well. Why do you think people struggle so much to calculate and track their calories and to maintain daily exercise?  Lack of knowledge? Discipline? Lazy? They don't like training? etc.  Thanks in advance guys I love to hear how other people think. Much appreciated.
"Feeling soulless/subhuman I feel like a worthless pile of shit. I'm almost 25, and I've never so much as held hands with a woman. I don't feel like I have the capacity to really care about anyone but myself, and even then, I hate myself. I know that there are idiots who would be crushed if I killed myself, but I really don't give a fuck. I've wanted to kill myself for so long, but I'm too much of a pussy to pull the trigger. I don't know if I qualify as human, or if I'm just the universe's twisted, disgusting, deviant joke."
I'm done with this I just took a bunch of pills. I'm done living like this. I can't take it anymore. Goodbye everyond
"I feel wrong in my own skin. I have recently moved out of state with my husband and two month old baby. We started out here living with his parents. Recently, before the move, we were staying with my parents (we got evicted from our home) every single day since I've moved from my hometown and got put into this foreign home (with two individuals I've only had a conversation with in person maybe a handful of times) I haven't felt right. I don't know if I'm doing anything right and I'm constantly shaming myself for it, I spend hours in my room trying to escape from everything. I feel like a bad mother and wife. I feel like I'm being put on trial and constantly judged. My husband is usually the bubbly type, but it feels as if he's grown cold to me. Nothing I say means anything anymore. I'm not blaming them, its my brain. I just need some support because I'm at my lowest right now."
"Why is my brain playing the uno reverse card? Ever since the pandemic began I’ve actually been feeling less depressed and more motivated to do daily activities? Like now that I’m being forced to self-isolate (which is a speciality of mine), I feel less of a desire to self-isolate. I’m exercising, taking vitamins, doing hobbies, working on my behavior and coping mechanisms, taking care of my skin.. and for the first time in months I look and feel great? I would think that the pandemic would WORSEN my depression but it’s having a counterintuitive effect. Who would’ve thought it’d take a global disaster for me to pull myself together i-"
"At least once / twice per day, I see myself in mind dying in various ways. Like getting eaten alive, getting burned alive, getting ripped limb by limb etc. I have suicidal thoughts where I die in brutal ways"
"When does exercising become natural and not an effort of will? I have started to exercise 2 weeks ago and while I always feel awesome afterwards and have improved a lot in this short time, I always have to force myself to actually start. At what point does exercising become natural and not a mental effort?"
"A blonde is driving along the highway ... A blonde is driving along the highway in her Volkswagen Beetle when she sees another blonde on the side of the road standing at the front of another Beetle with the hood up.   Thinking that she may be able to help she pulls over and asks the other blonde what the problem is.   ""Well I was just driving along on the highway when suddenly the car died, I pulled over and popped the hood and saw that my engine was gone,"" replied the second blonde.   ""Well not to worry,"" replied the first, ""I have a spare one in my trunk."""
"I’m a pathetic mess. I have so much shit wrong with me that I can’t even deal with. I never thought it was physically possible to have so many things fucked up in the head with one person but apparently my mind is just screwed up beyond repair. I have Aspergers, social anxiety, depression, selective mutism, PTSD, possible BPD (I haven’t been diagnosed officially but my previous psychologist said it was highly likely), the list goes on. I have an addiction to self harm and the only reason I’ve stopped (and by stopped I mean the last time I did it was a few weeks ago) is for my boyfriend because I don’t like seeing him hurt or upset from my own actions. He blames himself when it’s not his fault at all. But it’s the only goddamn thing I have that takes away all the noise in my head for at least a little while. Nothing else helps me. I’ve seen countless therapists and tried dozens of medication.   I’ve been having panic attacks daily. I had to go on leave from uni last year because of my ex-boyfriend abusing me and sending me death threats and calling me all during the night to yell at me. I was a complete mess and was cutting myself constantly and even overdosed and still managed to show up to class the next day even though I felt like I was dying. Then I met my current boyfriend and he’s been absolutely amazing and so supportive of me, more than anyone else has ever been in my life, and yet it’s still not enough. I still feel sad, I still get so depressed and insecure, even though I know he loves me. I want him to be enough for me, so why do I still feel so broken? I started back at uni this week because I wanted a fresh start and to give it my best, but my panic attacks are getting worse that I don’t even know if I can continue. I want to do this art degree, but I’ve lost my passion for art and drawing. I feel there’s no point to doing something I don’t care about anymore, even though I want to care. I want to have passion. But nothing brings me joy anymore. I feel like I shouldn’t even be alive.  I feel like I should be back in the psych ward but I don’t want to mess up my studies and worry my boyfriend. He’s so normal compared to me and I’m worried that if he keeps seeing this awful fucked up sides of me, that he’ll leave me. Not that I’d blame him. He’s such a genuine, kind person who deserves a normal girlfriend, not a chaotic mess.  Even cutting my studies down to part time is still too much for my brain to handle. I feel like I can’t concentrate or make sense of anything, I feel I have no purpose in life and that I’ll never be truly happy or satisfied. I’ve been cutting and trying to kill myself since I was 12 and I have no idea why I’m not dead yet. I guess I’m just too pathetic to even go all the way even though I’ve desperately tried. I’m a high school dropout and still managed to get into uni somehow, and yet I’m fucking it all up. I’m already 23 and still have no idea what the fuck I’m doing with my life.  I’m sorry for the long rant, I just have no one to talk to. I don’t have any friends anymore because I decided to stop letting people walk all over me and treat me like shit, but it’s left me with no one there. Sometimes I feel like it was a mistake, that fake friends would be better than none.  Sorry for anyone that reads this. Just take solace in the fact your life is probably better than mine and I envy you for that."
"I was literally framed for domestic violence if I beat the case could I still get my ffl? My brother and I have been long time firearm enthusiasts and ever since we where kids we wanted to open a gun store and shooting/training range and possibly eventually start our own brand. I’m about to start business school he’s in training for security so we’ve been working towards our dream but then we went back to my parents house to stop by and visit and my mom was off her antipsychotics and incredibly intoxicated. She then proceeded to punch me in the face and then call the police and honest to god lied and said I attacked her I have witnesses that I was the one being attacked. I don’t want to press charges but if I beat the case, which I’m very confident I will, will I be able to get a ffl license with a domestic violence arrest but not a conviction? Should I call this dream quits and find something else or did alcoholism and mental issues not completely fuck everything I’ve been working towards?"
"The only time I have fun with people is now a cause of stress and anxiety My mental health is pretty bad, hence I stay at home almost 24/7. Only one day a week do I go out to play D&amp;D at the local comic book shop. It was the most fun I ever had, and I've been going for a couple months. Even with anxiety, it was always worth it.   The last few times, this changed. The regular campaign was always put on hold. I was put in new and stressful situations. There was a new player who is extremely rude and thinks he's more important than any of us. And to put the nail in the coffin, someone I hardly know tried asking me out.   I'm just freaked out, unhappy, stressed, and generally anxious. I feel like if I go again, my mental health will decline further. On the other hand, this was my ONLY source of social interaction and fun. It was so great sometimes, and maybe it'll get better. But it could also get worse. Should I continue going?"
"What to do if you earn stock before IPO? Dear Reddit,  I own some small stock in a few startup companies through crowfunding. When one of these companies goes public (IPO) it is hopefully profitable to sell these stocks. How do you trade these hardcopy stock certificates? Is it possible to transfer these to a broker? Maybe a dumb question but I'm new to this and still learning.  Kind regards,  Cogito"
"[US] I received a post card for Subway Credit Card Receipt Class Action Settlement but I need help! Early last week I received a postcard in the mail regarding this lawsuit and it had a form to fill out for me to get compensation. I read the form and decided I'm just going to do research on it before I get to even fill out this form and send it in. Flash forward to today. I feel confident and probably won't hurt for me to submit it. Great, let's get the form.   It's gone. Most likely thrown away(thanks allot parents.) So, I go online see if I can fill it out there. Turns out I can. I just need my claim number. Which is on the damn post card. I can do it without but I have little to no information based off what they're asking for. I doubt I have the receipt. But I know for sure I'm one of the people affected by this considering I got the postcard.   Is there someone or something I could do to try and get my claim number or if possible just figure out how to provide the information needed?   Thank you for any help you can provide.    TL;DR - Got a postcard with claim number on it to receive money from the settlement. Waited to do research. Thrown away now I don't have much info to submit and get payment."
"Very scared about sepsis and kidney infections:( My health anxiety has been very controlled until i saw a video on youtube about this girl’s story on how she got sepsis. Basically i have struggled with UTIs for many years. So this scared me a lot because untreated UTIs can lead to kidney infections which can lead to sepsis. Currently i do not have uti symptoms but i do feel quite sick for some reason. I am also on my period so i dont know is that is the reason i feel ill. Usually though my period does not affect me at all so it would be unusual. I feel really freaked out and uneasy. At the moment my temperature is 36,4°c which i believe to be normal. I feel a nauseous and i also have diarrhea. Don’t know what to do and my dad doesn’t take me seriously:("
"Tomorrow Will Be a Better Day Hi, this is a poem I wrote today to try to explain how I’ve been feeling lately. I just want to share it to see if anyone else feels this way as well.    Tomorrow Will Be a Better Day  Last night I laid in my bed assured that tomorrow will be a better day  The night sky guarded me from the pressures and expectations of success under her protection,  I can rest and make empty promises to myself that tomorrow will be a better day  Every night I lay  and replace myself with thoughts  of  a new self  Filled with hope, I tell myself tomorrow will be a better day  The morning sun kisses the blinds I closed not so long ago They filter in uninvited and chant their alarm  It is tomorrow  But I was wrong, I’m still me no matter how many times I wake up the rest was never enough to  make today a better day"
Advice for first time home defense. I have used guns for sport in the past but it was always with a relative or friend. I am looking to get something for home defense but we are really tight on money. Was curious as to recommendations to something affordable ($100-$300) we can get started with?
"Do I have depersonalization disorder? From a very young age I can remember disassociating and having an intense disconnect from reality. I would often feel as though life were a movie, I were in a dream, and more obscure thoughts. I had assumed this was just standard disassociation that came along with me being Bipolar 1, having PTSD and BPD. I cant recall many memories, more so I can pick out basic outlines of my life. Even important events like first day of high school etc etc. I've had memories I had repressed come back within the last four years and I think that was when I started spiraling downhill. Now I'm to the point I am doing things that make no sense, running into walls and unable to get my thoughts together enough to form sentences, for getting the names or phrases of simple things. My fiance has DID and says this is almost like the second stage of that and believes this is what's going on. Do you agree? If not, any ideas on what it could be?"
"I can't get angry I'm sorry, this is gonna be a long post, I'm bad at editing.  I don't know if this is where I should post this or how much context I need to give but I basically don't experience anger anymore, I think I know why but I don't know what to do about it.   When I was 12-15 (I'm 20 now) I had this group of friends, in that group of friends I had one best friend, we'll call her C, who I was basically completely emotionally dependent on. We had a lot of wonderful times but I found myself completely lost in my friendship with C. I was basically a mini version of her and that, compounded by lifelong anxiety and developing depression (5 years later and surprise! it's actually bipolar 2) left me extremely vulnerable.   The last couple years with this friend group got bad, they started constantly picking on me, leaving me out of things, giving me the silent treatment for days for no reason (at least no reason I was informed of), collectively deciding to skip out on my birthday, hitting me in the face 24/7 as a joke (this one sucked, I was flinchy as hell for years). C had a difficult home life and on a couple occasions when we were alone she'd take her anger out on me by punching or hitting me and follow it up with ""sorry I'm just upset"" or something like that. Whenever I got mad or stood up for myself they'd all mock me and take it as a joke or continue the same shitty behavior towards me. I felt really weak and sometimes still do.   I've done my best to move past this, after feeling completely alone for around a year I found new friends. My mental health was declining but I had wonderfully supportive friends and a lovely boyfriend who I am still with presently. The biggest lingering effect now is that I basically don't get mad. If I do get angry it's over really, really small insignificant things like being unable to find my phone in a cluttered car. I feel like I was shamed and mocked out of my anger reaction. It all just gets internalized, instead of getting mad I'll get anxious or just cry, I have horrible self confidence, I'll beat myself up over tiny things and hold myself to alarmingly high standards.   The upside to this is that I think my lack of anger is part of why I'm so understanding, I think it can sometimes lead to me letting things slide that I should have gotten upset over, but ultimately my ability to empathize has been fantastic for my relationships (friends and SO) and I don't want to give that up. In the past I've been a huge doormat but I think that's gotten better.   TL;DR - Had abusive friends that shamed me out of getting angry and now I straight up can't get mad.   What should I do? Has anyone else experienced this or something similar?"
"Why can’t I be like my young self Back when I was in middle school, Minecraft was THE game. I made so many online friends and it was so easy. They were some of the closest friends I had and some days we still speak even after we stopped playing the game.   Nowadays when I remember how I became friends with them, aka actually reached out to talk to them, I tried doing that currently in other communities but for some reason I get anxious and the fact that someone is going to respond to me scares me. Like this post rn. I know someone may or may not respond and it scares me.   Maybe it was because I was younger and had nothing to be afraid of, but currently, I don’t want to reach out to make more online friends because what if I creep them out or like if I always dwell on what to respond for like 5 minutes, it wouldn’t feel like a genuine friendship"
"Worried I could have contracted HIV at work I am a nurse who works in a doctor's office where we perform minor outpatient procedures for skin conditions. I was injecting a patient with local anesthetic (lidocaine) on the back. While injecting the lidocaine, all of the sudden a stream of liquid started squirting out of the cyst I was injecting, but only while I was injecting the anesthetic. It was clear liquid. It happened to squirt right on my mouth and lips. I was not wearing a mask at this point. I immediately wiped the area, and then went and told the physician who I work with, as I didn't know if it was just anesthetic that has come out, or was whatever the cyst was consisting of. He stated that he would be able to tell as soon as he got in there to remove it. He injected more anesthetic and he same stream of liquid came out of the same location. He assumed it was likely lidocaine (the medicine) coming out of a pore.   I was surprisingly fine right after it happened, but now I am so concerned about any exposure to blood borne pathogens (hep c and hiv, as I am vaccinated against hep b). I am not sure if I was exposed to blood, as it was only whatever liquid it was that splashed onto my mouth. I am concerned because my lips were dry and slightly cracked, and I had a small (very small) cut as well. Being a medical professional myself, I understand how those diseases are spread, and I don't want to be unreasonable in my worry. There is just a part of me that wonders if there was blood mixed in with the fluid, as I was injecting anesthetic with a needle and there was some small amount of blood on his skin from previous pokes with the needle, and that the cracks/cut on my lips could have been exposed to any virus. The physician stated he would be glad to have the patient and myself tested if I am concerned, but he does not seem too concerned himself. I know there is also no difference in testing the patient at this point or waiting to get tested myself in a few weeks, as the outcome would be the same. I am simply wanting to hear if anyone has any thoughts and wanted to vent.   As far as I know, the patient was healthy and not HIV or hep c +, though there is no way to be sure without a test. This is my first real exposure to any ""body fluids"" in my career, so I am very curious what others think or to get any advice on how to calm my mind.   I am already planning to get myself tested in a few weeks once the typical ""window period"" of infection has passed. I know having the patient tested would be the easiest way for me to get quick results (and relief from anxiety) but I do not want to offend the patient, either. I am getting sick with worry!   Thank you in advance to anyone who responds. I appreciate you listening."
someone wants to chat. i'm friendless and thinking of ending it today. nevertheless i'm mostly just lonely. i have nobody. no-fucking-body.
Trying to get through the store without talking to people 😣 Do any of you pretend to be on your phone when you go to the store so no one will talk to you?? I just feel so awkward and stupid when I talk to people so I rather pretend to be texting someone or look at reddit or anything that makes it look like I’m busy....it took me awhile to even post anything on reddit so I’m giving this a try...hopefully I don’t sound stupid 😣
"Invisible I'm so invisible that when I walked into the washroom which had motion sensor lights the lights didn't turn on ,but after few minutes later another guy walked in and the lights turned on"
"Anyone here drink seltzers? I see a lot on here about Diet Coke, but not much on seltzers...just curious why.   Also, if you drink seltzers, name your favorites!"
"Is penpal a good idea or something else?? Since there is nothing going on in my dating scene, one of my friends suggested to me that I get someone like a penpal.  So I would need to talk to a woman who is conciliatory, enjoy sex talks, into Pokémon and not too much all over the place. Lol"
"Sister's attempt to help backfired? Recently, my sister asked her church to pray for me. I believe she told them I was suicidal. Afterwards a man from her church approached her and said he'd like to talk to me to see if he could help, as he'd struggled with a bout of depression &amp; suicidal thoughts following his divorce. I was extremely uncomfortable with the situation (for fear that the man might be an opportunist) but ultimately agreed because I knew that if I said no, my sister and her husband would hold the notion that I'd refused volunteered help against me. So I've spoken with the man a couple times on the phone, and it has not helped. I think I may actually feel worse than before. Without going into detail, he told me several unflattering things about himself and things he did during his marriage. He also brought up the subject of sex a lot (including asking how many guys I'd had sex with). He also mentioned that I was attractive (I don't have any social media accounts, though, my sister has pictures of me on her Facebook) and that I should date.  Last Sunday, she'd gotten out of church, my sister called me asking how things were going with this guy. I told her that I was really uncomfortable with it and just had a bad feeling about him. Later, my mom told me that she had also spoken to my sister and that the man had said I was living in the past and that I needed professional help, which I agree with. Anyway, I saw my sister and her family that day, and I thought they acted kind of strange (her husband especially). And my sister hasn't checked on me at all. It makes me feel like she's not really concerned. The man has texted me a few times and attempted to call me once, but I haven't responded. I just feel so anxious and uneasy about it all. I welcome any insight/advice on this situation. Thanks in advance!"
"How can I help my boyfriend with his referential delusions? There's a particular singer he loves, and we listen to him together occasionally. Usually its fine, we're just hanging out and sharing some tunes, but sometimes the singer will say something that throws him into how he's singing about a period of time in my boyfriend's life. He feels like he knows him, even though they've never met, and he brings it up enough that its a little concerning to me. How can I help walk him through this, into accepting it as a delusion? I don't want to be rude, but I also don't want to lie to him. I usually just nod and listen when he talks about it, I don't feed into it besides maybe a ""wow"" or something. I don't really know what to say."
"Why fight the ADHD, when you could embrace it? I just came to this conclusion as someone who has ADHD. Recently, I am working a full time job, going back to school, working a second job. In my free time I dick off, but if I am supposed to do something (class, work) I am forced to do it. This structure is helping me. The variety keeps my racing mind engaged, but in a useful way towards our lives. Thats whats I think we need: Life Improving Structured Variety."
"Help with eating and diet Hello All,  I am really struggling to eat, my appetite is very bad and often when I do eat I have instant diarrhoea due to terrible anxiety. I am quite concerned about my weight and nutritional loss  and would like to stop losing weight but cant physically get myself to eat more. What are some high calorie density foods that I could eat? Or what other ways can I get myself to consume more calories?     Thanks"
"Obsession with peak mental performance? Hi everyone!  This is my first time posting here, but I was diagnosed with BPD last October and have been trying to make some positive changes since.   One thing I've read about and discussed with my therapist many times is a feeling that I need to achieve a level of ""peak mental performance"". I suppose I mainly get anxious over how well I can concentrate, how well I can remember things, and how sharp I feel overall. Sometimes I'm not even sure how intelligent I really am because it feels like I'm stuck in a fog. Exercise and meditation certainly help, but I was just curious to see if anyone else experiences this issue, and what you all do to cope with this?  Any advice or input would be greatly appreciated!"
"I won a Leupold vx Freedom, can i return it? So I won a Leupold vx freedom in a raffle, but it's 2x7 and I don't really need or want it, I have a vx-1 3x9 that I'd prefer.  Does anyone know if I can return it to any stores or trade it in? Or even send it back to Leupold? I'd love to trade it in for the same scope in 3x9, and even pay the difference to upgrade, but I just don't want a 2x7 lol.   It's still unopened in the shrink wrap, and I didn't get a receipt or anything with it"
"Strong Emotions and Meditation As I continue to grow in my meditation practice, I feel myself noticing my emotions *a lot* more. To give a loose example, a few weeks ago was the first time I've allowed myself to cry in 5 years. I don't even remember what it was over, but I felt the urge to and I went with it. It was a helpful experience to reconnect with myself in that way. I have a long history of suppressing emotions that I find intimidating to deal with. Especially the ones that take real practice and commitment to work through.  Has anyone else gone through something similar as far as experiencing intense emotions more when you're being consistent with your practice?  Do you have a way of controlling your response to certain emotions, particularly ones that aren't fun to deal with?  I feel like meditation has taught me a lot about noticing something as it is but I struggle with clinging to them or certain thoughts, wanting more of something or wanting to force a change and sometimes dealing with anger or sadness when I realize that I cannot have something how I want it."
Zyprexa Anyone ever take Zyprexa for mania? I started in in December and I’ve been constantly tired ever since. I thought it was because I was coming out of a really long manic phase but I’m starting to wonder if I’m tired because of the zyprexa. I feel like at any given time I can lay down and sleep. Last night I had nothing to do. I was going to take a nap and ended up being in bed for like 15 hours.
"Anyone else felt like death is around the corner? Been feeling this all my life like I am going to die soon. Can remember I used to think about death from a very young age, before I even really knew about death If that makes sense. I have been stuck somewhere in the middle of desperately wanting to die, and wanting to live. I do not want to go out by killing myself, but I want it to happen by accident like a car crash. Also prayed to God a lot that I can switch places with someone that has cancer. Just a lil vent, I know some of you all feel me. Stay up. Death Around The Corner"
Want to see your wife's hair matted with your jizz? Clean your shower drain.
Can I keep repeating the free basic guided meditations on Headspace to learn meditation? So some might know they start with 10 I think basic meditations and it teaches u the basics  Breath Close your eyes Breath Feel body  Count to ten in breaths Let your mind go crazy Open your eyes gently..  If I keep doing just this for 10minutes a day could this help or do I need to be adding more?
Extreme Deja vu? Once and awhile I’ll have deja vu so extreme I fell as if I’ve just read something or just watched something but I’ve never seen that thing before.   Is this a common ADHD thing or am I being silly
DAE constantly question is they actually have anxiety? I’m very bad at identifying my feelings because I’ve never attempted to take much notice of them.  I’ve always been a stressed and worrying person but because of this I can’t tell if its at a normal level or something anxiety/mental health related.   It’s a constant state of not believing myself. My doctor gave me some medication but he always prescribes stuff without much questioning. Maybe it’s denial? I just want an answer and some understanding of my mind :(    (I’m not asking for medical help. Just having a bit of a vent/type-a-thon sorry)
"My boyfriend (26) and I (26F) can't spend more than 2 days together without fighting/ getting sick of each other. I and my bf have been together for 2 years. We usually see each other on the weekends and it works for us. The problem is when we are on vacation from work, like right now. Since we can see each other more often, it gets to a point that our interaction isn't as good any more. There's nothing really interesting to talk about, we don't have any more sex than we usually do  (he doesn't have as high sex drive as I do and he never initiates anything), and it gets frustrating for me. I asked him to come around today but he said that he'd rather stay home and play video games. Anyways, I've realized that the more we see ech other the less we like being together. I love him to bits but I wonder if this relationship is worth it. Cause I don't see myself married to him and I know that I should start thinking about that now. Does that happen with you guys as well? Is it normal?  Should I consider breaking up? If not, what do you do to keep the relationship interesting?   Tl;dr- my boyfriend and I  get sick of each other after short periods of time together, we also don't have a lot of sex. I wonder if I should keep this relationship going."
"22M like 0 success with women I’m in college finishing my degree this year. I have many professional relationships, a few close friends and I’m very close with my family. Where the problem comes in is when I start talking with a girl it goes well enough but after a few days I get ghosted every time super annoying. Sometimes I’d hang out with them or even have sex but same end result. I mean I can understand if u aren’t interested or whatever I mean I’m blind in one eye have a bunch of scars and depending on the scenario I can be very type A. Those aren’t negatives to me but I can see how they might not be compatible with others. Weird thing is I’m not really sad when it happens just annoyed. Legit u could just say “not interested” or “fuck off” I don’t care but I feel like shit when I text one day and just get nothing back."
"My mother died and we're losing her home to HOA foreclosure on Monday. Intricate situation regarding a shady roofing company leaving behind tools and wondering if I am able to sell appliances without repercussions? Florida Okay legal advice - I hope you can shed some light on a shitty situation. A few different dynamics working here... Bear with me. On mobile, etc etc.   My mother had a new roof and new pool screen put on through her homeowners insurance due to the Hurricanes that came through Florida, in the beginning of July 2018 . The roofing company was complete shit and ended up taking advantage of my mother - inflated the cost and just in general poor communication and shabby work done over all. After the first major thunderstorm a week after completion a huge leak developed and ended up pouring a ton of water through her guest bedroom, ruining the ceiling and drywall. They promised to fix the repairs, and in the meantime left a $1500 air scrubber (important detail later) to help with the moisture. They fixed the roof that week but never fixed the water damage in the guest bedroom. In August they were informed that she was in the hospital and was then released to in-home hospice, they basically stopped communicating with her and my brother who was the power of attorney.   My mother died in November, and we're losing her house to foreclosure from the HOA. She was notified at the end July that her house was going to into forecloser due to unpaid HOA fees from 2008.. she was under the impression that they could only put a lien on her home but not that they could file for foreclosure (yay shit laws!) She owed around $800 in past dues from the HOA and about $3,500 in attorney's fees. We attempted to work out a payment plan with the HOA and they rejected our offers. She elected to go to mediation but then shortly after her health took a turn for the worse and she was released from the hospital into in-home hospice, rendering her unable to attend the mediation meeting. My brother, who is the power of attorney, attempted multiple times to work out a plan with the HOA but once they found out that she was in hospice they stopped communicating with him.   We are losing my childhood home on Monday. My family elected to not go through with probate purely because of the cost that would be associated with that, which I understand - apparently it would have been about $10,000 over the next two years.   My question is - am I able to sell the air scrubber as I consider it abandoned property (roofing company has not returned any phone calls or had any communication with us since around August or September and has not asked for the air scrubber back) and am I able to sell the appliances in her home? What about the hot tub she bought two years ago that was an addition to her home? It may seem trivial but any extra funds will help us with her cremation costs and all of the other bullshit that goes along with someone dying.   Also... Am I able to leave a big fuck you in spray paint on the walls? Am I able to attend the homeowners association meetings and publicly announced how awful they were to my mom ? My mother, to her dying day thought that she was going to be evicted from the home that she had owned for 20 years for a total cost of under $5,500. It fucking sucked.l and I'm really fucking angry over everything."
"Help please. Im desperate and dont know what to do. Hi this is my first post on reddit.   Im 28 years old (guy) and I am the caretaker of my 26 year old brother who is high functioning autistic (he can drive very short well rehearsed distances, he has had a job at a hotel in the past but had trouble keeping it, just to give you an idea), schizophrenic, is also diagnosed with cognitive delays and some other development issues. 10 months ago I moved him in with me because my mother could not longer handle him and still take care of my two younger siblings living at home. He is 6'2 190 lbs and has no physical or mobility issues. He is not a small guy.  My brother has behavioral issues (explosive arguments are  weekly or daily routine, these only occur with family members, he presents himself very well to non family) that range from being nasty and mean on a daily basis to extreme outbursts and meltdowns that can get somewhat physical and occure one to 3 times a week. He is extremely narcissistic and manipulative, has no consideration or compassion for others and extraordinarily self centered.  My parents are divorced and while I am gainfully employed the rest of my siblings (im the oldest of 6) are young and money is very tight. I help out a lot with various things in the family but I am not in a financial position yet to pay for a separate place for my brother to live.  I think much of his behavior issues are because he is very isolated (no hobbies, job, social life, sense of purpose or accomplishments, he just sits in the house all day every day and that would take a toll on anybody), there is a tremendous amount of resentment and negativity built up between him and the two other brothers that live with me as well as myself, and I work full time and have little time to spend with him. The two brothers that live with me also work and are in college but do help out when they can. again he spends much of his time alone in the house with nothing to do or look forward to.  He is destroying my life and everyone in our family. He is the nastiest, meanest, most ungrateful person by far I have ever met. Everyone in our family has sacrificed money, untold amounts of time and energy, and he doesn't care in the least. He verbally eviscerates each person in my house on a daily basis. My home is a nightmare because of him. There is no peace. Sometimes he raises hell at 2 or 3 in the morning. Police have been called on several occasions (a couple time he called them and a couple times he left the house and caused a scene in the neighborhood). On top of that he has hygiene issues. I am paying $2000 this week to get him crowns on his front teeth because they would have to be pulled otherwise. I cant bear the thought of my brother missing his front teeth. the embarrassment would be horrible for him.  I have spent a lot of time to get him a caseworker, counselor, psychiatrist, he has medicaid and SSDI. I dont know what to do. I cant have him in my house any longer.   When he was younger he responded well to horses and other animals. I have thought that maybe there is a ranch style place he could live and work that is made for developmentally disabled adults. It could even be for a year to allow for some healing and me the time to try and buy a small house for him to live in.   Having transportation for recreational activities or work would help a lot I think. I think that if he had some activities in his life and some sense of purpose and accomplishment or something to look forward to and do every day his behavior issues would lessen.  He is destroying my life and he is an awful person but he is suffering and my brother and I want to help him if I can in any way.   If anyone knows of transportation services, places for people like him to live, support groups, or anything please let me know. I feel like I'm drowning slowly. I'm extremely desperate. I don't know what to do. any advice is appreciated.  Thank you."
"What's up my dudes. Just wanted to share. I don't really know why I'm posting this weird shit here and where I'm going with it but who cares I guess. But before you read I do warn you that the following are nothing more than pointless ramblings of a useless crippled boy. I don't really know how to feel my dudes. I write here to talk about my disgusting feelings towards my family.  Just want to say these things first: I believe that nonexistence is heaven and hell. We are nothing before we are born and e are nothing after we die. I attempted suicide three times.  1) Disgusting Feelings #1 I find it amusing when relatives and close families of mine tell me that what I did was wrong and to never do it again. ""Do you not love us anymore?"" ""Don't you know the problems that your parents would be in?""(This one doesn't really translate well.) ""The cost of a funeral that you would leave"" (Also not translating well :P)  Like I give a shit. Its funny how each of their ""supportive words/advises"" just reflects their own problems and insecurities in life. Primarily money. It's just weird that they think those things matter to me. Maybe they just thought it just a spontaneous thing to do when in truth I've been mulling it over for about a year. Money doesn't matter to a dead man.  2) Disgusting Feelings #2 Look I love my parents and all but shit my dudes, I fucking hate how my mother always tries to turn the tables on me every time she tries to make me talk about my feelings after the suicide. (I don't know if that's the right choice words).  To give some context, my mom and dad are divorced, dad cheated on mom and mom cheated on dad as revenge ( Ludicrous, I know). Either way I don't feel any hate or disdain for the two (No hidden or underlying feelings too). What they did won't change the fact that they raised me and my sister with love and compassion. They are good parents but very horrible spouses. I voice those opinions every time they ask me about my parents.  Anyways, every time I talk to her about my shitty life and my attempt in suicide she always finds the way to say that its her fault and how we should give her forgiveness.  I just kind off feel like she hasn't forgiven herself for what she did and is also depressed herself. So I do avoid talking to her about my philosophies and my reasoning why I do try so hard to kill myself.    3)Disgusting Feelings#3 The life you chose to lead, simply ending at your own hands was the greatest relief I've ever felt. I enjoyed counting down the days and hours before my death. It was liberating to know that there will be nothing after this act. I was happy.  Disgusting Philosophy: Our lives mean something if we believe they do, but the same goes the other way. Our lives mean nothing if we believe it to be so. My life has no meaning and I'm okay with that, if I die now I really wouldn't mind.   I don't know why I wrote this jumble of mess but I think sharing is better than me just thinking about my next attempt at suicide.  Its okay if you shout hypocrite, it doesn't really matter I guess. I told you this shit was pointless. ;D"
"How do you cope? After months of therapy and medication I still struggle with my anxiety and depression. I meditate, take long walks, take deep breaths, ground myself, but it isn't enough. I'm still really struggling. How do you guys cope?"
"Deadlifts/Squats and bracing. Hi, is anyone good at bracing the core at these 2 lifts? How do you deal with passing gas? I am still learning and getting a stronger core, but atm I am stuck between either farting or losing tightness which sometimes lead to SI joint pain. Thanks!"
"Everyone that i come in contact looks at me like i have the plague. I don't know why, maybe it's just me but It seems everyone I talk to is creeped out by me. Especially at work, no one wants to talk to me. I haven't had a friendship in at least 8 years. I'm ready to kill myself because I don't have the confidence to talk to anyone anymore. I don't feel the need to anyway, I'm much more comfortable by myself. Interacting with people triggers my desire to kill myself more than anything."
"Nearly had a panic attack in VR today So today I decided to take a big step in my social skills by asking my two friends if they want to hang out with me instead of the other way around (first time I did this in like half a year) and to make the experience good I decided to get two new VR games for my oculus, one of which was Pavlov VR which I bought just today and only first played today in the company of my two friends.   Now, I don’t like interacting with strangers via voice. I don’t care if it’s a video game or what I just go into a panic. That’s why to this day I still haven’t ever really played VR chat or pokerstars like I seriously really want to, I just can’t interact via voice though I wish I could.   Anyway, I start up a game in Pavlov VR, I decided to pick zombies. What I didn’t realize was that zombies mode is just you and 4 team-mates with mics working together. I also didn’t realize that when I pressed the ‘mute mic’ button in the lobby that it just muted the mic only while I was in the lobby and the mic was unmuted when the game started.   So the game starts and my 3 teammates immediately come to life and begin chatting with each other business as usual playing the game and cracking jokes and so I start to panic cause I really really really don’t want to interact with these strangers and that was when one of my friends starts asking what’s up and at the same time I realized that oh god they can hear me and so they turn and start talking to/ addressing me like they’re expecting me to maybe do something or talk back to them.  That was when I really started panicking I just kept yelling “they’re talking fuck no they’re talking” trying to leave the match and when I couldn’t immediately figure out how to do so resorted to quitting the app entirely. What made it worse was that my friend who was more extroverted just couldn’t understand my reason for panicking and just kinda dismissively made fun of/poked fun at me for it which really made me realize how pathetic I am for this and how hopeless I am when it comes to meeting new people and why I’ll never be loved by anyone other than my parents and will probably kill myself before I’m 25."
"Back from vacation and back to square one I’ve been working so hard this year at managing myself, being productive at work and training my focus.   And I had vacation that I needed to use.  So I took from Xmas to 1/8 off.  And now that I’m back it feels like I’m starting over.   I’ve accomplished nothing for the past 3 days.  I’m just staring at a computer screen and trying to make it seem like I’m doing something.    It’s like getting back to work after a break is harder than getting back in the gym.    The scary thought that this is making me have:   Can I only take 1-2 days off at a time?  Can I never take an extended vacation ever again?    Or do I need to spend any extended vacation being hyper diligent and structured and not really relaxing?     I know.  I’m very lucky to be able to take 2 weeks off.  It’s not something that everyone is able to do.  But after these wasted days and the ass chewing that I’m sure is coming my way when my boss starts seeing how much has slipped through the cracks, I wish I never took the vacation at all."
Was wondering if anyone could tell me about a sight? [This ](http://Sightmark Ultra Shot M-Spec FMS Reflex Sight https://www.amazon.com/dp/B078G9TL1D/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_R53pEbNCY1470) is the one I mean. How good is it in direct sunlight. Would [this ](http://Sightmark Ultra Shot M-Spec LQD Reflex Sight (Locking Quick Detach Mount) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01AHQAG0U/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_h-3pEbJ4ZJN55) work better in sunlight? Thanks in advance.
"Enhanced Recoil Buffer Spring question Greetings R/guns. Quick question-sorry if it's dumb: I have an M&amp;P 15 and I'm looking to replace the stock buffer spring with an Enhanced Recoil Buffer Spring from Damaged Industries. Reportedly these get rid of the spring ""twang"" sound. Anyway, the store has two versions, a rifle length which is for a FULL LENGTH, FIXED buttstock, and a CARBINE LENGTH  version, which is for ADJUSTABLE length M4 style buttstocks. My confusion is that I live in Mass (yeah, it sucks..) and my M&amp;P 15 is the mass compliant version, meaning the stock is pinned. Should I get the fixed stock version, cause it technically is fixed, but the normal M&amp;P15 version is adjustable, and I doubt the MA compliant version is different other than the pin in the stock. Any help would be appreciated! Links of the two springs below:   http://damageindustriesllc.com/store/index.php?route=product/product&amp;product_id=391&amp;search=chrome+silicon+spring  http://damageindustriesllc.com/store/index.php?route=product/product&amp;product_id=409&amp;search=11020"
"Uncomfortable chest?? I have no idea how to describe it, but does anyone else sometimes get intense uncomfortable feelings in their chest? It isn't pain or an actual physical sensation, it's kind of like the cringey feeling of a paper cut but in my chest? I feel like I have butterflies in my chest almost, it feels tight and heavy and I feel like I have to curl up and protect my chest, or put pressure on it. Does anyone know what I'm talking about? :')"
"Specifying Income for Credit Card App - Student Applying for the discover credit card here, and when they ask for your total annual income, is it safe to list the income of an internship you'll have this summer but have yet to begin? Or does it really not matter if you apply with 0 income and 0 expenses?"
"Hey 19m here Hey its been awhile, over at a buddy's palace I'm thinking of past love and I hate myself I really do I'm a worthless person I just want to die  someone please just kill me"
"Some questions about drinking and dealing with alcooholics/heavy drinkers Sorry if this is the wrong place to ask this.  I'm 17 and don't drink. But most of my school colleagues do(of 50 in my class, 42 drink). Almost all of them are heavy drinkers. As far as I know, most of them started drinking 2 years ago. They drink twice in the weekend and once or twice during the week. And they drink heavily. Generally until some among them starts blacking out.  Would this qualify them as alcoholics? I suppose it is not easy to know when someone is an alchoholic, but is it possible or probable that they are?  How should I deal with them? Generally when I meet them, they are sober. I don't speak with them very much, for almost all of them that were my friends stopped being when they started to drink. I still worry for them, however. How should I deal with them generally? Is there something I could do to try to change something on them to the better?Treatment is out of question, for they have not yet felt the bad permanent effects of alcohol and they keep it secret from their parents.  Would you recomend that someone don't start to drink?  Thanks in advance."
"I bought a new video game from Amazon this week, it was supposed to be delivered today but it didn't show up. I was really looking forward to getting this game, so I tracked my package on the website, and it said it had been successfully delivered.  To my old address. Over 400 miles away.  Honestly, I do this sort of thing CONSTANTLY, because I just don't think to *check.*   It gets so frustrating to have to make the same mistakes again and again and again and never be able to learn from them."
"How do I go about getting custody of my son? This is in Michigan.   Why I want custody: I recently discovered that my ex has been spending the $500 I give her every 2 weeks for my son on herself. I have video evidence of this and have been collecting it for awhile(no I did not stalk her, she posts “spending baby daddy’s money!” pictures with bags of new clothes). He has no toys, new clothes, and they barely have any food, yet she gets $500 off of me.     I’ve also saved up enough to be able to afford a house and want my son to live in it. I think it would be beneficial for him to have a room to himself and not share with others. My hours at work are going to decrease dramatically(going from 70 to 30), so I’m going to have enough time to be a bigger part of his life.   Is this something I can navigate by myself or do I need a lawyer?  Thanks!"
"Recognize anxiety attacks? Hi guys. I’ve had what I think is an anxiety attack, but si’m not sure. Inm usually very nervous before school, but a few days ago it was really extreme. I just started crying and my heart was pounding super fast and I felt like I couldn’t breath and I couldn’t move.   Is this unusual? What could I do about it?"
"I don't know what to do Hellp everyone. I'm 19 turning 20 and feel like I should be more excited to do new things. I have a part time job and I'm in uni but I'm struggling to focus on my school work, I just don't have any motivation to do anything.   I was excited about 2020, I felt like this year was going to be a good one, but I just can't get myself to actually get anything done. I just don't know what to do, I just feel really depressed. I feel like I shouldn't be, because everything in my life, all things considering, is going pretty alright and I just don't feel good about anything.   In all honesty I've no idea what to do, I'm currently just existing and I've felt like that for quite a while."
"so FB now wants something with my realname since the name i use for my account is not inline with their policies this is what I get when I try to log into my account:     Help Us Confirm Your Name We ask everyone on Facebook to use the name they go by in everyday life so friends know who they're connecting with. Please provide identification that displays the name you'd like to confirm and use publicly on Facebook. Keep in mind that if you confirm a name other than the one currently on your profile, the name on your profile may be automatically updated with the name you confirm. Learn more about why we require ID verification and the different types of ID we accept below.  Here is the screenshot:  https://imgur.com/gallery/63JaEAD"
Want to punish myself for sister's death I don't deserve to live. She was suicidal and I thought I was helping but looking back I see how badly I fucked up. She was probably the only good member of my family and now she is gone. I am such garbage. Why am I still here? I have been talking about suicide forever and should have done it a long time ago. Now that my sister is gone I feel like such a fucking joke of a person. Here's how much I suck as a person: not a single old friend or person I grew up with came to my sister's funeral. Zero. There were hundreds of people and none of them were my friends. When I do it I hope my parents have a private funeral for me because it would be fucking humiliating for them to see how unloved I am.  Sorry this is so stupid.
"How good/bad is your long term memory? I am 22 now, but the past (my teenage years and younger) seem so foggy. How clearly should do you remember the past?"
Are there any good books on grief but for the loss of your own life?  Hi I've been very ill for almost a decade and missed out on a great deal while also never managing to progress because of it. The grief is really hard to deal with. Most books/resources I see are just about dealing with the loss of another. But what about the loss of ones own life? I have very little memories at all and basically might have well been in a coma to be honest. So im feeling that loss heavily and cant seem to move past it.
"Any other lonely girls? Most of the people I've come across on reddit are men. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I'm curious about how many other women deal with issues with loneliness. I'm a 21 year old woman with no real life friends and the only human interaction I get is brief interactions at work. I've never had anyone pay attention to me in person. I'm not sure if I'm grotesquely ugly or if something about me sounds alarm bells, but I've always had my existence absolutely ignored."
"My problems. Taken from when I posted on r/funny and was just harassed. I don't know what to do, I've been dealing with a lot of things. I am diagnosed with Anxiety Disorder and have severe panic attacks and anxiety, I only go outside to go to my psychiatrist, therapist, and on very depressing occasions, the grave of my Father and Uncle who died from overdoses 1 year apart from each other. I was born with what they thought was bipolar disorder, but was eventually diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome, and A.D.H.D . My entire life I have suffered from the emotional pain of bullying, it was hard to deal with it because of my autism, I would usually come home and finish my homework, then I would talk to my grandmother about what happened. My father wasn't there when I was born, and my mother was to scared to take care of me due to my heart condition Total Anonymous Pulmonary Venous Return. I take a lot of medications to be able to help with my different issues. I don't recall what. It was my grandmother who took the photo, I guess she thought I looked funny or something. Later on in life I got to high school, the first week I was there I was physically assaulted. The school, which the name I will not disclose didn't want to expel the student because he was there best football player. I try to go outside I really do I just don't want to face the anxiety. My grandma this year had a heart attack for the second time, I thought I was going to lose the person I cared about the most. She raised me and cared for me since I was born, so I made a pact with myself if she died I would kill myself. I prayed to god every day and night she was in the hospital \*even though I wasn't religious\*. She lived, and I was so thankful and happy because if she wasn't here, then I wouldn't have the person I care about the most. She isn't like just a parent to me, she is the best person I have. I think about how she is sadly going to pass on eventually, I cry but she reassures me that I will be okay without her. Even though I doubt it, you see you all are right, I am a slob I never learned how to do stuff on my own because I relied on my grandmother so much. It's become a cycle everyday I get up play with my friends on my computer, and go back to sleep. I don't think I ever will get fit or ever change. But what do I know, I graduated high school by the skin of my teeth. The teachers and workers in my high school wanted to hold a little ceremony my diploma, I didn't go because I was too much of a baby to man up and go back in that school. I'm eighteen now, still live with my grandmother. And still try to do everything I can to push myself to do stuff. I used to be able to do a lot of things with my family, mostly playing with my grandmother is what I miss the most. As i said before she had ""another heart attack"" she had one when I was very young as well, she was never the same after it. They went through her groin to put something I can't recall. She couldn't walk or move as well anymore, and still can't really. I miss me waking up every Christmas knowing that I would have my grandma to go sledding with, I miss waking up on my birthday and seeing my uncle in the other room happy as can be, I miss not having anxiety and being able to go outside if I wanted to. One thing I regret the most is me not going to have fun with my dad because he was never really reliable on coming to actually pick me up and do stuff. I know I talk like a child, I'm eighteen as I've said but I am still a child at heart. Sorry for the grammar and not separating it I am crying due to what the people said on the other post."
"Forgot what being loved feels like So I'm posting this from college and I have to say, it really does suck to have no one to share your thoughts to. Basically I've been a loner/the distant kid all my life. The one time I feel like I've got someone to talk to, shit always hits the fan and goes downhill. Everytime walk down the street, travel by bus, I notice that people look at me funny as though I'm an extra terrestrial being trying to cause ruckus. I've also never had anyone say that ""they've got my back"" type of shit. Shits gotten so bad that I've forgotten what being loved  feels like. I don't even get an opportunity to show love to anyone else.  Anyways thanks y'all for taking your time for reading this. I hope y'all keep pushing forward no matter the cause. Stay strong"
Current mental state It's 9am and I've already:  - Cried and almost thrown up because my manager yelled at me - Gotten incredibly excited because one of my safe foods was on sale at a shopop near my work - Had a moderate panic attack in the baked goods section of said shop because I remembered mini doughnut I ate last night - Bought new jeans and found out I'm two sizes smaller than I thought  Pls kill me
"Trapped in a foreign country in lockdown? Just wondering if anyone else is stuck (trapped) in a foreign country that's in lockdown and can't get out?  Between airports closing, cities going into lockdown, flights cancelling and transits there are must be many people stuck or trapped in foreign countries.   Anyone out there?   Currently the main issues are the following  Travel insurance cancelled or not covered for COVID-19 after 10 days, yet can't get out.   Shops closing or curfews or reduced hours enabled making it difficult to get food and clean water.   Immigration and visas not being addresses. Extensions will be available or overstay fines or worse?   Discrimination or racism towards Europeans or Chinese/Asians.   What's your story and how can we get together to help?"
Don’t you pretend to be happy just to keep up with everyone else? Yeah it’s just hard. Most of time I really want to let my tears out...
How do people enjoy living? How do people do this? How do you enjoy life and want to continue living? I'm finding it difficult to even imagine myself making it to an old age. My head is full of worries and doubts and I can only shake them for so long before they bring me down again. I feel like I wasn't made for life. Every year I get older the more I realize I will never be happy. I've been dying inside for years now and I feel that I'm getting too tired to fight anymore. Wouldn't it be great to never wake up? No more stress. No more negative thoughts. I want peace from it all. I tried reaching out over the years telling friends and family that I am depressed. You know what that got me? Nothing. I was ignored. So what is the point? No one has ever cared about me. Why am I here? I have no goals or ambitions. I'm not living a good life. Negative thoughts have already consumed me for 10 years. Is this what I have to look forward to? I'm alone and I'm so very tired. I want a permanent break from this.
"Rabies Exposure? Longtime hypochondriac checking in, seeking some degree of reassurance because I can't seem to shake what I'm hoping is an irrational fear.  I met with a client in my office yesterday.  She disclosed that she was recently bitten by a stray dog and is now undergoing rabies vaccination.  At the end of the interaction I shook her hand, but then noticed that I have small breaks in the skin on my knuckles from dry skin.  These breaks in the skin came into contact with her skin.   My concern is that she was somewhat tearful during the interaction and might have gotten mucus, tears or saliva onto her hand and then transmitted it to mine.   I've consulted a couple docs who said that I do not need to be concerned about exposure.  This still hasn't alleviated my fear, however, so I'm wondering if anybody has any advice or similar experiences."
"My Best Friend Is My Ex and I Never Got Over Her So I dated this girl about 5 years ago, we didnt really know each other prior to that. We broke up a couple months in and I didnt know how to handle it so I asked if we could still be friends. The cliche response is yes, but we got alot closer as friends. We’ve built a long lasting friendship, but I cant stop loving her. Its like the feelings never went away and they only get stronger the longer we stay friends. Ive told her this and she’s really understanding about it, she doesn’t hold it against me and wants to continue being friends. She’s as dependent on me as I am on her, I just have different feelings for her. She’s been my only true friend my entire life, but everyone around me tells me that I need to distance myself because Im only hurting myself. If I lose her I feel like I’ll lose everything. What should I do?"
I'm so hollow I feel so hollow and lonely inside my chest  even though I’m not. What the fuck is wrong with me ?
"I was with my family at a restaurant. My grandma was there too. I started a fight with my mom and then started crying, could not stop. All I could think about in that moment was ending my life. I came home and just went to sleep. Now I am awake and ashamed I keep hurting people around me. I do not know what is wrong but I do not think I will get better. I wish I just had the courage to end it. it is all I think about when something bad happens. I feel really bad for everyone. It must be really confusing and scary living with a monster like me. I feel like I will lose everyone in my life. it is only a matter of time. I do not want to trouble anyone any longer. Created a scene"
"My son may be on the spectrum? I’m not really sure. So my son is 20 months old. He is very comfortable with navigating through phones like swiping and we found out he actually memorized the algorithm for YouTube and know what specific videos will get him to the one her wants.  He only says “mama” and he’ll babble here and there.  But he is not so interested in other children, he is if they have food like Cheetos or something but not necessarily when they’re playing.  He loves spinning anything, wheels, coasters, etc.  He also likes throwing his toys and making really loud crash noises.  Whenever I’m reading to him he uses his fingers to point to the words.  He’ll bring me his cup or snack cup for refills but not really to show me anything. Oh and he’ll bring me a book or some flash cards to read too.  I have been worrying lately on the chance he may be on the spectrum mainly because it depresses me that he’ll feel different like he doesn’t fit in. Does anyone have similar stories or words to help me sleep at night instead of doing research that makes my stomach hurt?  Also I took an M-CHAT quiz and it did state he was a little behind compared to other children his age."
"Muse and Muse 2 headbands Hi all, been searching through the subreddit to try and find the answer to this but I couldn't see a clear one. Just wanted to know if anyone thinks that getting the muse 2 is significantly better for a meditation beginner?  I've managed to find used Muse 1's for around 100 pounds but would have to likely pay at least 250 for a muse 2. Don't really want to spend so much as I am a student but if its that much of an upgrade there probably isn't much point getting the original right?  Final thought is that I could get muse 1 now and maybe the muse 3 comes out in the future?   Anyway thanks for reading appreciate the responses"
"I've gained 30lbs in a year. My typical gain/lose cycle normally lasts long enough for me to gain about 10-15lbs, then I go back to restricting and end up on the lower end of a normal BMI. But for some reason I've been stuck in a gaining phase FOREVER. No matter how much I try to tell myself I need to stop, I just keep eating. Chips, candy, pizza, bread, cookies, etc. Every single day.  I hit my highest weight in years the other day. 160lbs. My highest weight ever was 180, over ten years ago. I'm starting to panic that I'll never stop this binge cycle and end up obese.  This time last year I was 130ish. I maintained a low BMI for so long, and now it's like my mind is forcing me to get fatter and fatter every day. Normally I hate feeling full, now I stay full 24/7.  I'm sorry for the stupid rant, but I have nobody to talk to about this other than my husband. Despite my clothes getting tighter every day, my co-workers would still describe me as ""skinny"" even though I feel like an absolute whale. Just because I'm not legitimately overweight (yet) I feel like I have no right to complain about my weight to others. It'll just invite the ""oh I wish I was THAT fat"" commentary that makes me feel even worse.  Anyway, hope all of you are having a better day than myself. xx"
"Adderall tolerance --advice? Hey guys, over the past week and a half or so I've really been struggling with being effective at work despite faithfully taking the Adderall dose I've been on for over six months (2 15 mg twice a day). It lasts about as long but doesn't seem to do as much. Then, this morning, I accidentally took two instead of one and still managed to sleep for two hours past my alarm. Something definitely feels off, and I don't know if it's a natural consequence of taking it for an extended period of time or whether there are things I can do. I'm seeing my doctor Thursday, but any advice for me to go over with him /try on my own is awesome and appreciated."
"Leg and feet numbness after meditation help Hello friends,  I'm a 31m who has been sitting at a desk for 9 years and recently started meditating in a half-lotus. I'm experiencing back pain until I settle in to my hips, but my legs and feet are numb after 20 minutes.     Any tips to recover my hip mobility for a pain-free/numbness free meditation?     Also, if anyone has tips for working to a full lotus, I would greatly appreciate that.     Thanks!"
"I finally asked out for help I mustered up the courage after work today to call my company's Employee Assistance Program, and to tell them that I'd like some help in talking with someone about my anxiety issues, because I didn't know where or how to start the process. My company will give you I believe 5 (free) meetings with a therapist/counselor who specializes in whatever issue you may be facing.  The counselor was nice and took generic information and said she will submit my info to a case worked who will call me tomorrow to get the process started. Of course I'm freaking out about expecting that phone call tomorrow, but I have to keep telling myself it's for the best.  I've put off this call for probably 6 months to be honest. Too scared. Too afraid. Too nervous. I was wishing so hard that no one would answer the call today. But, I am glad she did, and I hope this can be the start to helping me cope."
"Some questions about schizophrenia. Someone I know thinks they may have schizophrenia. So I guess I'll ask my questions, this is to help me get an idea. Thanks.  When did you start experiencing schizophrenia?  What was the beginning of it like. And how long did it take to move to the later phase.  Were you unsure you were experiencing it? Or had an idea?  What symptoms did you primarily experience in the beginning phase and how severe were they?  What age were you when it all started?  Hopefully you guys will help, I'm kind of worried and stuff. But thanks. Sorry if any way I worded my questions sounds offensive in any way."
"How can I best support my partner during a low? Hi, I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to post. If it is please let me know where to post, i figured this would be the best sub to ask.  My partner of about 5 years on/off was diagnosed with BPD last spring, after a really bad episode where they were suicidal. Since I have known my partner, they have always kind of had highs and lows, lows especially around spring time, but it seems to have gotten worse over the past 2 years.   They sometimes get manic and do irrational things, like spend all of their money at once, go to far away places when they have work the next day, etc, but nothing too dangerous.  Then sometimes they get really depressed and just want to be alone. When they get depressed they dont talk to me much. One of the few times I talked to them this week I asked them what was the best way that I could support them, and they could not seem to give an answer at all, and then changed the subject.   Nothing i do seems to help. I know its not my responsibility to help them get better but i want to be the best girlfriend I can be. In the past we have ended up splitting up because they cant handle a relationship when they get like this (hence the ""on/off"". I really don't want that to happen this time. I want to help them without overwhelming them.   What can i do? If you were going through a low, what could your partner do to help?"
Its so boring. there is literally nothing to do in this world but work and it is miserable and insufferable. Nobody can help you and you are all alone. Nothing matters but making it money and it is fucking sad. And for those of us who cannot get relationships and have friends it lonely as hell knowing nothing fucking matters anymore but money. Hobbies become boring knowing you have to work or work the next day because what is the fucking point anymore when work takes your soul. Unless you can find a job that does not make you suicidal you are so fucking screwed and you really have no choice but to despair or kill yourself. Do adults even actually enjoy life?
"Partying with guys I haven't seen in a while.. So I got invited to a party for this Friday by an old friend. He was never really that close of a friend but we were definitely cool with each other and hung out a couple of times. There's also going to be other people there who I was friends with pre-highschool days (I'm 25 now). I kind of don't want to go to this party in general because I know there is going to be some people attending that I don't want to interact with. But I'm also trying to get over one of the worst breakups in my life and I've heard forcing yourself to get out of your comfort zone and socializing/keeping busy can help with moving on. So I'm going to go for it.  &amp;#x200B;  The problem is, when these guys knew me I used to the definition of an extrovert. I was loud, the center of attention, and popular back then. I was really good in social situations. Towards the end of highschool and throughout university, my personality changed and I've became more of an introvert. Most of this is because I had to stop fucking around and get serious about my studies if I wanted to fulfill my goal of becoming an aerospace engineer. I didn't mean to go from extrovert to introvert, it just happened as a byproduct. I don't mind that I've become introverted because I'm happy with who I've become as a whole. I would say the only negative is that I overthink everything now. I still party/go out but mostly just exclusively with my tight circle of friends. I am not the social butterfly I used to be. I feel they may still have their old impressions of me and will be expecting something I know I am not anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  Any advice to help me calm the nerves and get through this? I am excited to see some old faces and trying to get my mind off the breakup, but my overthinking is making me unsure about going."
"Wanting to drill and tap my Colt King Cobra! Any tips and pointers for me? I have access to a 3-axis mill, and have plenty experience with it. I have been wanting to get an RDS on my King Cobra for some time, but it is (for some reason) not drilled and tapped, even though it is a '95 model with the recessed muzzle and larger cylinder release as the enhanced version.  The base of the receiver is nice and flat, so making a rail for it will be no problem. I really want this done. My biggest concern is proper mounting of the gun in the vice. Any gunsmiths out there with some pointers and stuff?  Here she is: [https://i.imgur.com/rI0rLLu.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/rI0rLLu.jpg)"
"Medication Hey, I’m new to this! Anyways, I’ve been on lexapro for a few months, and it’s worked great for my anxiety. But hasn’t done anything for my depression. I’ve tried upping my dosage on lexapro and I experienced very very low mood. So I went back down to my normal. I’ve tried Wellbutrin and it made my suicidal thoughts very very bad. Immediately got off of that. So now I’m trying Lamotrigine. Has anyone experienced Lamotrigine?   If so, what’s your experience, did it help you. How long did it take to see a difference?"
"Kahoot supporting the monarchy? So where I live, I just got into my new semester of school. In our Geography introduction, we did a Kahoot. I made my nickname to ""abolishmonarchy"" as a joke, but it didn't allow it, changing my name to something random. Could this be a potential conspiracy?"
"Losing appetite when anxious. Help? When I get stressed out I can’t seem to eat much, or at all. Usually this state of “not being” hungry lasts only a day or two but it’s frustrating because I’m trying to build muscle and put on some weight. Usually when this is going on I’ll be unable to eat much in the morning but my appetite slows returns as the day goes on. Sometimes I’m even a little nauseas. Does anyone know what I can do to fix this because I’d like to be eating more so I can gain some weight."
Question on pre ban Colt AR-15 A2 I have a possibility of purchasing one at an auction later this week and I'm wondering before the auction begins how can I assess its value?  Why does it have value to begin with if it's pre-ban?   Doesn't seem to have a third hole but looks almost new condition. Stamped with Govt Carbine.  Thank you
"while having a knife at hand and drinking, this message arrived. ""sooner or later they will be experiencing what you experienced, at the very least you laugh like you got nothing to lose and be able to wake up the next day...if people experienced the mental hell you have been through they might kill themselves, go on a rampage or go depressed like you but on an even more depressing level....F***, i know i would.""  -friend"
"Advice on what to say So I need some advice.   So there is this person, who I want to be friends with. And like they said that I should come over this Sunday but I'm not sure what to say. I dont know  what to say to ask like if they still want me to come over or what time i should without sounding weird? Or like if they even still want me to come over? Idk I feel like I tend to like really overthink texting people and then I come off strange. So I'm just not sure what to say so I was hoping people could give me some advice.     What do I do?"
"I think I realized something tonight. My biggest hurdle with BPD is toxic shame.  EVERYTHING, all my issues that I still struggle with can be tied back toxic shame.  I've had a lot of success but these is the piece holding me back - after all these years I don't know why I didn't see it.   I think now realizing all of this - I am finally equiped with the right piece of the puzzle and I believe it might be enough to help me regulate my emotions during difficult times - it will remind me to question myself/my judgment while my emotions are trying to run a muck lol  I didn't plan this post and so it ended up being a free flow thought....hopefully it makes sense to someone. [Serious]"
"Guided Morning Meditation – Feel Positive and Confident Guided Morning Meditation for Challenging Days  Watch free guided morning meditation video and feel creative and confident, even during the most difficult moments. Start your Energy Mediation now with us.  [Visit Us](https://goodmood4u.com/energy-meditations/video/morning-meditation/37)"
"Yet another lonely night It is 1:21 am in the Netherlands. I cannot sleep, feel miserable and dont know what to do. I just hope to fall asleep because ive work at 9 tomorrow... kill me already ugh. This is just a rant, thanks for listening. I appreciate that."
"Lost my job. Sporadic income, insane debt. What do I do I lost my full time job last year. I have some sources of income but it is sporadic and I never know how much I’ll make in a month (could be 0 for months on end, could be 8k in one month) I currently owe 13k on a car loan (0% interest), 25k in consumer debt (20% interest, due to living on credit for nearly 6 months), 20k in student loans (6% interest) and 14k in personal loans. The only way out I see is bankruptcy. I’m ineligible for unemployment due to the fact that I was working for family."
"Hi guys. I am 19. My family decided to go to province and we will stay there for good. I have a pet who is name is Luna and i really want to bring her since she is my buddy, my saviour whenever I am sad and she is the only one I need when i have a problem. But i do not have that much of money to bring her. Please help me. Small money will help a lot to me and to my dog. Thank you Paypal.me/lunablanca27 I am shy to do this but i really need your help guys."
"I’m lonely, but can’t maintain a relationship. My life’s a mess, every day my mind is flooded by suicidal thoughts - yet I’m too much of a pussy to follow through with it.    I’m sick of being alone, I want people who love me.  But at the same time I hate being around people, it makes me nervous and causes me to overthink everything.  I feel like the whole world is out to spoil my day.    Everyone of my ex friends I’ve had in my life have all left me.  As soon as they found out that I had baggage in the form of mental illness.  No sane person gives me a chance, and I don’t blame them, I have to lie constantly to my place of work, because I’ll be let go.    To be honest I don’t blame them either, it’s a chore to maintain a relationship with me.  I’m not normal, I’m a disgusting human, I’ll let you down if you give me a chance.  And I won’t even be sorry."
MIndfullness podcasts? Trying to get into mindfullness.  Anyone know of any good free podcasts with guided meditations?  The headspace app looks cool but its way outside my budget ($12/mo)
"New job, no benefits for 2 more months. Should I buy them or wait? Penalties on waiting? I just started a new job and have to wait a full 90 days for my benefits to kick in. This means I will have none for January and February. Should I buy benefits through the marketplace or is it better it just wait? Does the financial cost of the benefits outweigh the penalty I may get come tax time? I am in good health and do not foresee any medical expenditures any time soon."
"Did anything cause your SA? If so, what did? For me, It was constantly being called ugly everytime I opened my mouth in middle school. After so many tries, I just stopped trying.  What about you guys?"
"Slowly been making plans It's eerie and weirdly comforting how most of the posts here are so relatable.   I've had suicidal thoughts without being actively suicidal for most of my life.   I'm 22.   Something's different, this time.  I'm not going to tell my whole lifestory, we all know we don't end up here for nothing. You get the gist. I just don't feel like things are ever going to get better, because I am *me*. And it isn't good, to be me.   I've been wondering who's gonna take care of my cat once I will have killed myself.   Wondering if I should make a will, wondering if making a will this young will attract unwanted attention on me.  Wondering how to tell someone with who my relationship has been complicated and with whom I am no longer in contact that they are welcome at my funeral if they ever want to attend... Wondering if I can forbid someone else from doing so.  Who my things should go to.   Wondering if my parents, in their fifties, will ever have enough years ahead of them to grieve and, eventually, maybe understand. I don't want to do them any wrong, but it is torture to stay just to avoid them so. It feels so unfair. I have no good option. I've been feeling the absolute dread of existence like never before and crying myself to sleep for a while. Wanting to hurt myself just because I exist, waking up wondering why I'm still here to see these four same fucking walls around me. I could hang myslef, or maybe take anticoagulants and slit my wrists.   With every passing day death only gets closer and closer, and it feels so real this time.  I don't think I will last much longer.  I am tired, so very tired, and done."
"Why am I like this Was I supposed to just figure out on my own that Coke Zero has so little calories? I know everyone always says they drink it, and it doesn’t have a lot of calories. But I really though it had more than it does 😂 I could have it sooner"
"I Don't know what my problem is (I don't know if this is triggering to anybody, but just incase it is: I'm explaining my anxiety in this post)   I'm 19 and I feel so lost. My mom tells me its like 'my mind is always somewhere else'. And it is. Unless I'm consuming some really light-hearted, pre-watched content (i.e. a show I'm rewatching for a hundredth time) I'm always worrying and unable to concentrate on any real work. I'm just stuck to my phone. Its like an addiction/escape - it makes me feel stressed out but I'm unable to let go of it.   I've become so stressed out by political discourse lately and I feel constantly scrutinised for everything I'm doing. I don't know how to live my life and I second guess everything I do. I have a fear of missing out on something online. Everyone is always calling each other out and I just feel like I'm not doing 'enough' and somebody will call me out too. I keep thinking and thinking about everything. And then I feel guilty for feeling anxious.  I tried to quit social media for a few months because of this (and even before that I only used Instagram) but I felt like I was a coward who couldn't handle anything.  I'm so so scared in the back of my mind. And because of this taking up most of my headspace, everything I do is so slow - I get barely anything done even though I have plenty of time. And then I feel underachieving, cowardly and stupid. I don't know how to fix it. I don't want to run away from my problems so...if someone could help, I would be so grateful.  I'm really unable to talk about this to anyone in my real life, I get really hung up on every word.   I'm really sorry this was so long. I didn't know where else to go."
No interests I stopped smoking because I was spending a lot on bud. I also thought it would make me feel better to stop. Being sober I realize I have no interest. Maybe my life's boring and smoking was keeping things interesting. I'm upset at other people most of the time too.   I felt depressed when I was smoking but now that I stop I just feel no interests and upset. You're screwed if you do you're screwed if you don't
"im supposed to go back to school tomorrow but i really really really dont want to. ive been at home for 3 weeks and im still not ready to go back. it brings the question, ""will i ever be ready?"". probably not, honestly speaking. i've had weeks to make up my homework, but i havent done ANY of it. i'll probably drop out at this rate. i just want to curl up and die already. just let me die already."
Hearts racing can’t get bad thoughts out of my mind I know if I don’t distract myself I’ll be subermging myself into these thoughts so negative that I won’t be able to fall asleep tonight. My heart was pounding so fast before. Worried a lot about my future... nothing is going right....
Mental health is at an all time low and I want to start meditating. Where do I begin? A lot of changes have been happening in my life recently which has made my anxiety 10x worse. I also have bpd and that comes with it’s own burden of extreme overthinking &amp; depression. I’ve dealt with this for most of my life and I really don’t want to start on pills again as I have tried and failed with these in the past.  Will meditation help me in this situation? And if so where and how do I start??
"I literally can’t breathe Hi, I can’t breathe. It’s literally 3:50am and I couldn’t sleep because i CAN’T BREATHE. And when i close my eyes, i’m nervous. I need help. I’ve tried breathing exercises but when i finish, i close my eyes to go back to sleep and it starts again. The shortness of breath."
I’m broken beyond I’m 31 with my parents now family is abusive and I keep banging my head on concrete there’s no place to go because I’m broken if there’s god and the universe I’ll die to weak to kill my self tried lots of times failed at that too 31 years of hell and I don’t think life is supposed To be this way
"I've been fantasizing about breaking my leg Partly for sympathy, to let others see what's been going on in my mind, partly to justify my depression. It's not a tangible thing, something you can really measure. My meds arent working, the therapy is at a snails pace to progress, I just need something. I don't think I'll actually do it, but I've caught myself daily thinking about this, along with suicidal thoughts, which I also don't think I'll pull off. Anyone out there feel the same way/can give me some hope? Thanks."
Call me Horny Marie Antoinette ...Because I want you to eat my cake.         (Joke property of u/mrduck2019🍰)
I don’t know what to do I have been looking back at the last 3-4 years of my life and I have made one mistake after another. I have turned to meditation to change some of the underlying habits and behaviors that I know have cause this downward spiral but to no avail. Meditation has helped calming me at times of severe anxiety and allowed me to function in a seemingly normal way.   But I haven’t been able to fix my behavior that will take away the anxiety. I have heard CBT can help and I kick myself for not knowing about it sooner. I had a great insurance last couple of years and could have gotten it for next to nothing. Things are different now. Can’t afford any therapy till I get back in my feet and that might never happen.   This is not a rant against meditation. I know it works. It takes time and effort and patience. I feel like it’s too late for me.    I know this sub might not be the right place to seek help for my situation. I just wanted to say this out loud here since I’m too much of a coward to be able to confess this in front of people who know me.
Quarantine is making me S I N K I really thought I was okay and that I was overcoming my depression. I don't know why I always think that when I'm at a high point because I ALWAYS fall back into anhedonia and just feeling like garbage. The quarantine fucking sucks I have no schedule anymore and I end up going to sleep at like 5am and waking up at 2 and doing nothing but wasting my time on my phone. FUCK nothing brings me any joy I feel like a wet mop just chillin in the corner and growing mold and bacteria. My therapist was asking why I don't do any of my mindfulness techniques anymore and I literally just don't care anymore this shit is so consuming I feel like I don't have energy to fight back half the time and when I do something productive ONCE it leaves me tired for days.
does anyone get panic attacks from heavy drinking? over a period of time. are panic attack caused by low dopamine/ serotonin levels? cus i think alcohol over consumption just gave me a series of panic attacks
"I can't remember the last time I'm genuinely happy. Everything has been too much.  To start, I have no friend in my class, they already sorted themselves into groups and I'm too socially anxious to start a conversation with a stranger. My old friends all have their new cool life and new people and whenever I met them all they rave about is how awesome their friends are and how awesome college is.  I wish I know how that feels.   I hate my university with passion because I don't like finance and numbers and I can't understand them even one bit but I had no other choices (my parents wanted me to go to that university, I blindly agreed and the peak of my stupidity was reached) and now I'm bending myself over chasing obligatory projects I have no interest in and studying in classes I can't understand a word of. I'm in love with photography and psychology related subjects but now I have no time for them thanks to the crazy schedule I put myself in.  And I'm starting my first ever part-time retail job and fear it will happen all over again, the employees there already knew each others for years and I'm just the new girl. Just today I was scolded by a customer because apparently I'm “useless” and “unskilled” just because I didn't put the clothes into the bag fast enough.  And the cherry on top is that I'm unable to get help for my shitty bag full of mental issues because my country is so shit about mental illness. My family isn't much help, mom is always so pissed off these days and dad is on a year long business trip with little time to communicate if at all.  The problems themselves are so minor comparing to so many other people's but I'm overwhelmed, have been for a long time now and I'm scared that I might not be able to take it anymore.  So I'm here, on my bathroom floor, pouring my heart out onto a public forum and holding ice to my eyes because if they are too puffy I'll probably get looks and questions and I won't be able to handle them without burst out crying hysterically.   I just want to feel okay again. Happy seems like a luxury to ask for."
I just wanna die. 15 years is long enough. I’ll be 16 in March. I’m ready to die
"I just feel like I can’t try to relax and sleep without my mind trying to find all the flaws of the person I love the most. Honestly it just feels like my mind is trying to ruin my relationship with the person I love the most. I went from worrying that the relationship isn’t normal (which my mom reassured me it is, and this calmed me down), to being afraid to even think about him because if I do, I might find some flaw of his or some flaw in our relationship that would make me lose him or something.  I went to my GP and he didnt even ask me what my thoughts were about or anything. He just said he believed it was GAD with mild depression and gave me some antidepressants. Thing is, I went there expecting he’s give me something to help me sleep and basically go through panic attacks. I live alone abroad (I’m a student) and all the people that could calm me down with a hug are just not here. I don’t really know what to do with the antidepressants cause depression is just a byproduct of anxiety and when anxiety isnt there, I am truly happy with my life. It just doesn’t seem like a suitable prescription. Im not a gp or anything so I don’t think I can really have an opinion on that but I live in the uk now and ,from what ive been told, gps here don’t really prescribe meds like xanax. It just feels like that’s what I need sometimes. Every time I go to sleep I’m afraid that I’ll start thinking about that and end up shaking and being unable to move.  I told him that I wanted something to help me with the stress but he went like “i can do nothing about the stress, the antidepressants will help you deal with the stress better eventually.” I don’t know if I should insist, he was a little cold and he was obviously rushing."
My anxiety is keeping me wide awake rn and I can’t bear the thought of leaving the house tomorrow I keep thinking I’m gonna be hurt and I’m so so scared
Seattle-area Gun Shops I’m moving out to the Seattle area and I’m looking for some good local gun shops.  Does anyone have any suggestions?
"I study at university and things have become EXTREMELY tough (trigger warning) I’m a university student and recently things have become really tough. There are several problems that I’ve got no idea how to solve:  1. Social anxiety: it’s insanely stressful for me to interact with people. My classmates are girls and I’m the only guy in the group so it makes interactions even harder cause I try to be nice with them. Sometimes I get random panic attacks (dizziness, increased heartbeat, sweaty and trembling palms) that make it impossible to talk to anyone or even to keep up with what the teacher is saying during lectures. Moreover, I cannot even approach my crush, cause this girl is very cute and adorable 2. Irritated bowel syndrome: this thing makes my life like ten times harder. I have to endure extreme pain all the time and I also often get late for classes. Recently one of my teachers (he’s not aware of this problem) has told me that he won’t let me in for the class if I get even a minute late ever again. IBS + panic attacks also make things like public speaking extremely difficult 3. Conscription: the main reason I study at university is to avoid it. For me conscription is constant beating, humiliation, shitty food, life without sleep and weekends and being in a tough environment 24/7. My health is not good enough to endure conscription, I just won’t stand it. Also if I’m gonna have a girlfriend, she is not gonna wait for me to return. Most girls here break up with their boyfriends if those get conscripted.  There are several other problems like studying in the faculty that I don’t like but cannot change faculty because here it’s almost impossible. Psychological help is also very expensive and mostly useless here so for me it’s not an option.  What am I supposed to do to solve it? How can I make this life better? This place is the only one I can get help and advice from right now"
"New Job Anxiety Hey guys, my therapist is away so I’m in search of some comfort/validation from any source I can get haha. I started a new job last Monday; it’s my first “real” adult job in my field. And ever since I’ve been crippled by anxiety (like crying/vomiting everyday). My psych upped my Lyrica dose, but I’m so overwhelmed by feelings that I’m in over my head. I have to commute 4 hours a day and I’m also working on my Master’s part time and I can’t fight these feelings that things are terrible. I feel like it’s an avoidance thing but I’m just so overwhelmed. I wanted this job so badly and now I have it and I’m still not happy. And the job itself isn’t even that bad, if anything I’m constantly asking people for things to do and I feel like that means I’m doing a bad job. I’d like to have more to take up the day if anything. I just feel like I don’t know enough to take initiative at this point even though I’m trying to? Anyway I’m just hoping for stories from other people that things will get better and I won’t end up back in the hospital."
"I hate college, but I also hate my home too I feel so miserable all the time. I honestly don't really feel like I'm able to put my full potential into my classes because of my constant fatigue. A lot of people go back home on the weekend, but my parents are toxic and make me feel worse whenever I talk to them. I haven't talked to them since the beginning of this semester. This university is my only escape since I'm poor and I can't get a job because I lack experience that I should already have. I didn't have many opportunities as everyone else in high school since I was sheltered from the real world all the time.   I wanted to try dating again after an emotionally and verbally abusive situation in my past, but I feel so unlovable because of my problems and constant rejection. I feel like I have already healed, but I don't feel like myself anymore. It's like my personality did a 180.   Now after crying and trying to catch up with my work all day while skipping my classes, I just feel like things in my life keep becoming worse and worse. I hate this so much, and I just wanna die. Nobody knows though because I always try to put a front to avoid fake pity. I feel so fucking stuck in this point of life... Just fuck my life..."
"Meeting My Team for the First Time... I'm extremely anxious and looking for advice on an upcoming work trip. I work from home and am traveling to meet my boss/team/colleagues at the home office next month. I worked extremely hard to get to where I am after scraping by pre- and post-college. For some reason, the old self-doubt I thought I had conquered is surfacing again and is making me anxious to meet everyone. I have my dream job and love every minute of it, but I think it's the social anxiety coming out in me again. Any suggestions to help get my mind straight? Thanks!"
"The light in my life has gone out I feel so alone. I can't tell anyone what happened. Even if they believed me they wouldn't be able to do anything about it.   I was literally one mile away from my apartment. I was so close. They ended up driving me to a hotel almost ten miles away. I search everywhere for the video they took. All day. I search every title and website I can think of. I'm sick with terror at the thought of finding it.   I'm so ashamed. I shouldn't have told my boyfriend. I shouldn't have burdened him with that. I have so many regrets.. I could never live with this shame. This guilt.  If only I knew how to ease this pain, because I can hardly live with it anymore."
"My new family doctor wrote me a prescription ... and I was able to read all of it perfectly, disappointed by how underqualified medical professionals are these days."
"Anxious about missing work since been sick a lot and stressed with job demands. Just want to quit. I work with kids, my first time doing so, and I've been getting sick a lot plus I have an anxiety disorder and haven't seem to get many breaks in the last year emotionally. My company has been supportive but concerned with my absences. I feel like they're going to fire me. I'm stressed with my job demands since start of the new year. I just want to quit but I know I can't. I just think it would be for the best. I usually don't feel like I'm cut out to maintain any job."
"Dealing with shutdowns in school My daughter, 6, is high functioning. She is in first grade. Just this week, finally, she got approved for an IEP. They mentioned that in school and during the evaluations they witnesses many shutdowns. She has them at home during homework as well. They are almost always associated with reading and writing, which she struggles with the most. Once this happens, she is unable to do anything, even tell you her name.  We will be having her IEP meeting soon, and I want to go in prepared. How can we help her with these shutdowns, and how can we tell when they are real and when she is just being defiant. She can be very stubborn anyway so I don't know how to tell when she is doing it on purpose, if ever.  What are some ways to help her through this that they can implement at school? What works for those of you who have these, or worked when you were her age?  I am trying to understand her better and be a good mom and give her the best possible chance to succeed in school. As it is, it took so long to get the IEP that it is not going to help her this school year. She is probably not going to pass 1st grade because she is a full year behind in reading."
"Unwanted. Just yesterday I was told (NOT DIRECTLY, BUT IN THERE POINT) that I was the “least in the family.” they basically said that I should be more like my sister or my brother and that they are so much better at lots of things than me.   I am grateful that my mum and dad aren’t abusive but, I had already come so close to suicide and my uncle talked me out of it, and I was still depressed, and this did NOT help.  The feeling of being the “least in the family” hurts, as well on top of my depression.  I just wanted to share that with someone. Thanks."
"How can I get myself to do my physio exercises? How can I make myself do the exercises my physio has given me? I've not managed to do them once in the weeks since I was given them. Reminders set on my phone get ignored. Asking my husband to nag me hasn't worked because he's got a lot of other things on his plate at the moment.  I'm pregnant and have joint issues. If I don't do the exercises, the risk is my hips start hurting and I end up unable to walk. So that should be motivation enough. But no. And because I've had little pain so far, there's nothing making this feel urgent enough get me going.  What's worked for you? To start and stick with doing your physio exercises consistently several times a week? Any practical suggestions gratefully received."
"Uncontrollable Smiling When Meditating Maybe an odd post, but couldn't find a similarity (smiling and meditation are not the best words to google together in this case lol). Recently when I meditate for long enough, my face muscles start to twitch and quite soon my mouth will turn into a giant smile. Not a happy smile, just a giant smile with no real reason. 2 days ago I eventually started laughing.  Seems to be common the deeper my meditation goes, but also is a distraction which is hard to ignore. Any similar experiences? When I make myself stop smiling it will rise again pretty quickly when my mind gets clearer."
wondering if anyone relates/has advice? anybody else feel confused and disoriented every day? i am always beating myself up because of how much i struggle to visualize my week and my schedule even when i write it down.. its like i can't read? even though i can. like the information goes in my eyes and then leaves my head and just constantly in conversations and i have no concept of time like i really feel like i can't grasp it. :( feeling super defeated because i missed an appointment i made months in advance because i mixed up tuesday and wednesday and recently i sometimes can't even remember how to say numbers out loud or read them. i don't have a routine and i've been trying to make one happen for three months now and it feels like i'm just floating around every day i write list after list and try to collect my thoughts. any advice is very needed right now thanks :') (just wanna day this group has really helped me thank u)
"Another opportunity spoiled So I was walking the dog today on this path that overlooks the ocean and this really cute girl is jogging towards me with earphones in, using my  peripherals I can kinda see she is super hot and about my age. She slows down just infront of me and brushes her hair but I still try to pretend I don't see her (lookong at my dog and the sunset) as I always instinctly avoid eye contact with everyone because I don't want to seem creepy or am to awkward in interacting with a stranger. She makes it super easy for me to say something by going really slow next to me but I just kept walking on.   I look back a bit further on and she was even looking back at me. As I continue to walk the dog I come up with all the perfect things to say but it's about 5 mins too late."
Lately i am trying more and more to understand my depression. I almost daily get a drunk like feeling despite my last drink being months ago. When that feeling comes i feel wobbly on my feet my brain works at like 20% i cannot concentrate. Sometimes i even feel dizzy. Is that a symptom of depression? Drunk like feeling
New conspiracy round table. NFL is fixed. Can you mods either use this post or create your own to be stickied on the front page. After last nights blatant fix in the NO vs LAR NFC championship game the NFL showed their hand. Now is a perfect time to get a mega thread with links to all the questionable and proof of NFL match fixing.
Why would my federal income tax double between two paychecks? I just started a new job last month and I've received my first two checks. My first check was for a little bit more than I expected but I saw it wasn't making withdrawals for healthcare/401k etc and that made sense. I got my check this week and my federal income tax has doubled and I have no clue why. Any ideas?
"Its been a while... I got divorced over a year ago and I haven't really dated since  then. The loneliness has finally started to set in. I'm a single father so dating has become even harder. Getting out to meet people has become harder as well. I just don't feel right leaving my son to go date someone and on top of that I've lost most of my confidence since my ex left me. I still have friends to talk to and people I interact with but I have no one I really connect with on a romantic level. I'm lonely, tired and I just want someone to cuddle with at night."
How do you make friends with people online or in real life? I do not know how to make friends at all any information will be helpful even if it seems really basic and obvious.
"I’m crashing and I’m scared So, this has been a really shitty week and I would really appreciate some words or encouragement.   They found a lump in my breasts, probably nothing (I’m 25f) but having a follow up on Wednesday with my new doctor. Had to get an ultra sound which brought up very painful memories of my abortion.   Since it’s a new doctor they also did some blood work. Guess who has Herpes, oral and genital. Never had a cold sore or symptoms so I had no idea. Obviously pretty upset, though I do know it’s fairly common.   Had a one hour long panic attack Saturday night. Was triggered while super drunk, yelled at all my friends, and then just thought about how scared I was about my health. My future. Was hyperventilating in the bathroom for almost an hour.    The panic attack Saturday and one I had today (more mild, but was on and off for hours) has triggered my first cold sore outbreak. I don’t have antivirals because I’ve never had symptoms. Yay.   Today the guy I’ve been seeing and who I have incredibly strong feelings for blew me off. We just spent the best week together and he leaves for a two week trip tomorrow morning. I don’t know why he’d do this and he’s awful with communicating.   I emailed my Dr tonight. Told her I needed an emergency phone session tomorrow as soon as possible. I always been very anti benzos because I’ve had several friends die and I’ve been known to party quite a bit, but honestly I’m not functional.    I’m in school right now and really can’t fuck this up like I did a few years ago. I can’t miss school because of panic attacks or sleeping all day.    When 3+ stressful things happen around the same time it always almost triggers a depressive episode.    Oh, and since I’m coming off a three week hypomanic episode it’s almost certain. I’ve been so good for over a year.    I’m so scared right now. I can’t go through this again. Not when I’m so close to being happy.    tl;dr- hypomanic episode + possible breast cancer + positive for hsv 1 and 2 + daily panic attacks + first cold sore outbreak + ignored by someone I’m dating and falling in love with for unknown reason = me, someone very, very, very scared :("
"A man walks into a bar...    A man walks into a bar, already buzzed from the last bar he went to. On the counter he sees a large jar full of hundred dollar bills. He asks the bartender what it is.   ""Put a hundred in and find out""    He yells ""Fuck no!"" and storms out of the bar. Later he comes back drunk from bar hopping, slams a hundred in, and says ""Tell me what it's about!""   ""Okay,"" she says ""There are three challenges. Complete all three and you get all the money in the jar. Fail to complete them and your money stays in the jar. You can attempt the challenges or you can take your money and leave the bar.""   ""I'm stayin'! Tell me the challenges!""   ""The first challenge is to drink a whole pepper tequila in under a minute. Second, theres a Rottweiler out back with a sore tooth in the back of its mouth. Third, there's an old lady upstairs who hasn't had sex in years, go have sex with her.""  He accepts the challenges and downs the tequila. By this time he's stumbling drunk, and tripping over himself on the way to the Rottweiler.    Barking, screaming, and crying is heard from outside. Finally he comes back in ghe building bloody, scratched and bitten. His clothes torn all over as he looks at the bartender and says ""Wheres the old lady with the sore tooth?"""
"Trigger warning- suicide What counts as an attempt? I changed some meds up the other day and my dr said not to take some of them together and not take them with alcohol because I could stop breathing. I though well I take these before bed and dieing in my sleep wouldn't be to bad. So I did and I'm still here, felt like a regular night's sleep. I'm not depressed but do have ideation and intrusive thoughts. Just seeking some opinions."
"Should I eat the $1,300 loss We are new parents and had little knowledge of local daycare. We sent our infant kid to a daycare 2 weeks ago and paid $1,300 deposit. For many days, I showed up unexpectedly to pick up our child and also would like to see how children were actually taken care of in the facility. Almost every time, I found our baby is left on the floor crying the lungs out and every teach is ignoring the child. I understand part of the reason may be they are short staffed. They also don’t even plow the snow and ice in the parking lot. I slipped in the parking lot right in front of the daycare while holding my child and hurt myself a little. So I decided we need to make a change and find a better environment for our child. We found one that we like and would like to start soon, but they said they need to keep the deposit as we haven’t stayed with them for 6 months. Is this a reasonable request from them? Should we just eat the $1,300 loss? Regardless I don’t feel comfortable that my child is left on floor for many hours a day without being taken care of. So we will move out but don’t feel they are making a reasonable deal - 6 months?!"
Why am I depressed. I have been struggling with depression for about 13 years. I have adhd and cant focus on something enough to get good at it. I cant talk ti anyonr without being super awkward. My friends all make fun of me. I failed out of college. I constantly have anxiety and stress over the stupidest things. Even though I know I shouldnt be stressed about it I am. I have no idea what to do and I have been having horrible thoughts recently.
Eventhough I have friends I still feel lonely often :'( Am I the only one?
"My Ex almost re-enacted “Psycho” tonight My ex husband is my ex because he liked to sleep with other women and got physically violent with me on several occasions. It has been a pretty long marriage and divorce process, but it all cane together with a separation three months ago. The only real issue is that he has had trouble finding housing and keeps trying to get back in to my house.   Tonight, I came home and hopped in the shower and washed away my cares of the day. When I got out, I heard a noise from the walk in closet that is in the bathroom. I peeked in to the closet and THERE WAS MY EX. He was sleeping on the floor with a pile of quilts.  I about peed myself. He claims his apartment isn’t ready yet and this shouldn’t be a big deal. Uh, this is a really big deal to me. Is he really homeless or is he just insane?   Tl;dr: I need to change the locks ASAP because my ex was sleeping in my closet."
"Atomoxetine not working?? I was on Methylphenidaten 72mg, At the start of my xenidate i told doctors it was making me see, hear and smell things that wasn't there, Then this went, The tablets worked perfect for me, and now i had my review, My doctor has put me on atomoxetine 80mg.. and it isn't working.. She told me i can't go back on Methylphenidate because what happened.. But they worked and the atomoxetine isn't working, Is there any suggestions what i can do to be put back onto xendiate 72mg"
"I lost it for no reason. Again. I just had what feels like my ten millionth melt down. I was doing the dishes, and thinking about everything I wanted to do that day. My fiancée came in and asked me to do several other things, I realized the fridge was leaking and we needed a towel...and then I just got super overstimulated and lost my shit.  This caused my fiancée to get angry with me, and I lost it even further screaming that it want my fault, and he looked at me and said ‘It isn’t mine’  That was it. I felt so overwhelmed with guilt, I was panicking from being overstimulated, and it was just too much. I’m calm now, but I’m just tired. So tired of dealing with all this, of my brain refusing to shut down, if feeling unable to do even the most basic things sometimes.   Is there some sort of magic trick that can help me from getting overstimulated? Or is there at least a way I can rationally explain this to my fiancé?"
"Overthinking, overthinking, and more overthinking. Help please. So. Tomorrow’s my birthday, (9/11) and I invited a few friends over for a sleepover over the weekend (I’m in 8th grade, not sure if that’s relevant. Look at me overthinking my Reddit post that was meant to help me stop overthinking. Hah.). I’m not the most open person, wether it be with family or friends. There are of course things I can be more open about depending on who I’m with, but it doesn’t get too deep I guess?? I feel like I’m not close with anybody, but that’s a whole other topic. Anyways.. I invited them all over to my house for the first time and I’m stressing. I really don’t know what to do. Most of my friends are into memes, anime, emo music.. stuff like that. We’re the weird ones, basically. For the party, I’m not really sure what to plan to do or what to get. I suggested we watch shrek (amazing, I know). That was taken pretty well.. The thing is, I don’t have any other ideas. We could go to the pool, but I’m not sure if they’d want to. I don’t know about snacks, or if I should get a cake. I don’t want them personally, but I want my friends to be happy. I’d feel bad for dragging them out of their houses to make them sit there bored the whole time. They don’t seem to dislike me, but I’ll always have doubts. I haven’t had a birthday party since I was ten, when I actually had enough friends to invite, and I quite obviously don’t know how to plan one. Suggestions? I know that was just one huge disorganized rant, but I really don’t know how to deal with having actual friends and I wanted to talk to someone about it. I feel like I annoy them and I wish I knew what they were thinking, but I don’t. Any tips or ideas are appreciated. I will be sure to thank you, unlike that one cashier I forgot to thank yesterday. If you’re reading this, I apologize. Welp.. I don’t know how to end this after I just kept ranting. Now I feel like I seem like I want attention. I’ll just stop writing now. Have a great day. Or night. 👍"
"Weird anxiety ! Hey guys. So I’ve been suffering with health anxiety for a few months now. It always changes for me. At one point I’ll be scared I have asthma, dehydration, heart attacks, poisoning, etc. this time I have an irritation fear of food allergies. I am scared tht foods I eat everyday I will suddenly get a really bad allergic reaction to and get anaphylaxis. Idk why I suddenly felt this but I feel the thoughts always over taking me. I’ve researched about allergies and am so confused. Can Anyone who knows more enlighten me? Thanks"
Update: Daughter’s Surgery A couple weeks ago I posted on here about my daughter needing heart surgery and how my anxiety was getting out of control. So many of you were so supportive and uplifting. Im happy to say that the surgery went well yesterday and I’m sitting in her hospital room staring at her perfect sleeping face.   Yesterday was hard but I did it. I am so grateful for the well wishes and support. I’m still anxious (hospitals are just a little terrifying) but now I know my daughter is healing and we will be home in a few days back to our crazy version of normal.   Thank you all so much again. &lt;3
"3 year relationship ended, student loan payments went up, already had a mental breakdown and waiting for another one. I just feel like I've fucked up somewhere along the line and I'm being punished for it right now. My ex and I are friendly still but we were engaged to be married and that's gone. I was already struggling to afford life and now I need to find a new place to live. I'm probably going to be couch surfing for a couple months, I'm losing my cat for awhile (stupid but I'm gonna miss him), I've got a cavity that I can't afford to get filled now... and all of this has gone down in a two week span.  The one bright spot is that I managed to cut weed out cold turkey but... I'm honestly kind of hoping that my car just explodes or something when I go into work today. I'm just tired."
"Social anxiety playing online videogames? I've never been someone who likes to play online, except from a few mmorpgs when I was a child. I started playing online games like GTA V or Red Dead Redemption (and some more), but I get really anxious when people talk to me. Sometimes, they want to add me to their 'group', so we can help each other, and I just exit the game. I want to make friends to play online but I don't think I will ever be able to.   Once, I made a friend by doing some missions together, we added each other and talked a little (which was hard, because I didn't know what to say and that led me to more anxiety), but I didn't want to play always with him (I wanted to do some stuff on my own instead of missions), so I ghosted him and I feel really really bad for being this shitty, because he was just being nice to me.  Do you get it too playing online? What do you do?"
"Accepting the Diagnosis Hey all, how many of you struggled with accepting the bipolar diagnosis when it was first made? I'm struggling with that right now. To make a long story short, I was originally diagnosed back in March 2017, and then I found another pdoc that switched the diagnosis to major depressive disorder. This past month, he changed the diagnosis back to bipolar because of a prolonged manic / hypomanic episode that spanned 5+ months. I didn't really accept the diagnosis when it was made in 2017, and I don't want to accept it now either. The family I've confided in, though, all agree that I'm bipolar, and think I'm stupid for continuing to fight it. So I guess my question is: if you did struggle with accepting the diagnosis initially, what made you decide to stop fighting and accept it?"
Worried I have heart disease I finally went to the doctors for a check up after avoiding it for so long and told him about how I want to make sure my heart and lungs are ok because I’ve been worrying. I couldn’t tell if it was anxiety or symptoms of a heart disease. So i was ok but now I need to get my blood drawn so they can find out if I do have heart disease. I looked it up and now I think I might have angina?   I was hooked on the Juul for a while and recently quit due to finding out it increases risk for heart disease and now I’m stressing thinking I have angina. I don’t have chest pain but it’s a weird discomfort that comes and goes and I can’t tell if it’s just anxiety or not. What Any help with how to cope with this? I’m getting the blood drawn in a few days when I have the time
"Don’t know how to third wheel. My roommates girlfriend comes over on weekends and I don’t know how to give them space. I’m usually here at the house too, so at the end of the night I don’t know how to give them space. I don’t know if I should go to bed early or leave the house. I’m just not sure. I just feel like I’m getting in their way sometimes"
"Dizzy all day everyday Does anybody else feel dizzy all day every day? Everyday for the last few months, I’ve felt uneasy and slightly wobbly. Like I’m on a big cruise ship that’s going through slightly tough weather.  *But* the last few days have been particularly awful. The last 2 days have felt like being on a small boat in a hurricane. I couldn’t even sit in a restaurant or walk to/from my car without feeling the need to grab onto something.  I’m so scared there’s something wrong. Does anybody else experience this? I’m not talking about a dizzy spell for a few minutes. I’m talking constant dizziness for days at a time."
"Could we become text support pals? I’m very respectful and conscientious. Would receiving words of support help you during the day?  I think it might help me.  I know it’s hard to find the right chemistry with someone, so I’ll tell you a little something about myself.  I’m older (45F) and value maturity and good character in people.  I work in the corporate world as a business analytics manager and do well but my anxiety has always held me back from realizing my full potential.  I take an occasional Xanax and beta blocker for presentations. I am in a relationship and it often makes my anxiety worse because I am ultra sensitive.  I like to hike with my big dog and stay in shape.  I like to do projects around my house.  I live in the Northeast, about 60 miles north of NYC.  Please message me and tell me something about yourself if you think we could help each other.  Hope to hear from you!"
"If you are BPD, I recommend seeing a psychologist, paying the hefty one time fee, and getting subscribed a mood stabilizing pill. I was recently prescribed one that was not over 10 dollars. I repeat, you can get prescribed a mood stabilizing pill that is less than $10 and works like the bomb.com. It has utterly changed my life and been a blessing to say the least."
"Health Anxiety ruining my life Hi, Im 18 years old with very bad health anxiety to the point where every morning and night I check everywhere around my body to see anything unusual.  Im always thinking that Im gonna die of a heart attack but I already went to a cardiologist and took EKG's/ echos all are fine. Yet still I feel like im gonna die of a heart attack or get heart failure.  Every little bodily sensation I think its a deadly disease and I cant enjoy anything when Im thinking that Im gonna die everday or that Im gonna die young and not achieve my goals in life.  Plus I am trying to become more healthier and I want to become fit, However Im afraid of excercising if It will overwork the heart and I suddenly just drop dead.  Whats the best way to deal with it ? Or better get rid of it if possible ? Thanks."
"The listening skills of some mental health workers absolutely infuriates me. TW self harm and suicide mention. When I went to the hospital for self harm I had to be assessed to see if I was a risk to myself. I brought up one of the reasons I'm really stressed is spending all of my money and being broke and that I had no money. She said later on ""what are your plans for tonight? It's Saturday, you could get takeaway"" I felt like saying ""with what money?!"". I told the psychiatric nurse I used to see that I felt guilty because I found out my Dad had tried to kill himself. When I was discharged I was sent a letter of my release, and it had some information about me and one part said ""Whutttttt was surprised to find out her Father has mental health problems as he tried to commit suicide"". I was furious after seeing that because I remember specifically saying that I always knew my Dad had bipolar."
"How do I bring this up to my partner? I'm sad. I'm lonely. I'm tired....  We moved to another country a year ago. We live in a city where I know no one, I just got a job finally after my Visa got here but I feel so lonely.   My husband has very severe anxiety and has been having frequent panic attacks (he's on a month long trip right now and when he comes back we agreed he'll be looking for meds and will change jobs because it stresses him out so much)  The thing is I feel like a leech. I work at a coffee shop. So he basically pays for rent bills and most of everything else. I know he feels overwhelmed and over beared with responsibility especially because he also cares for his parents who live abroad. They depend on him 100% financially...  And then there's me. I feel like I can't tell him how lonely and unhappy I am because I don't want to make things worse for him.   I have no friends here. I live waiting for him to come home so I can talk to someone. I need people in my life. But problem here are so different culturally... I feel lost. I do have friends from my country who live in a nearby city... But I don't see them more once a month if ever...  My job at the coffee shop doesn't do much for social interaction at all. I feel so dumb and stupid and incompetent. All my friends have office jobs and they have way more money and they see each other all the time....  I am on the verge of self harming again, I feel so overwhelmed with guilt and shame and loneliness.... I didn't expect to spiral like this while he is away. I was doing so good....."
"Question about DUP I see most of DUP programs have 3 main excercises(deadlift,squat,bench press) and I have been wondering would it be okay to add the overhead press to the mix.Also what is yalls experience with dup?Thanks."
"who in their youth doesn't... Who in their youth does not yearn for sacrifice, effort and triumph? To soar over all that is base and cowardly and sordid?  and find yourself starving and stuffed and trapped in your bathroom in your 30s."
"How long after a friends marriage? tl:dr My friend was just married and I want to know how long I should wait so that he doesn't associate my death with his wedding.  Hey all. First off, sorry if this is not the right place to ask, I just have no idea where else to go.  I've been going through what I used to call a rough patch, until I realized I'd been going through it for about 10 years. I've come to the conclusion that I don't like being alive. I don't have some sad story to share, my life isn't terrible, there are people out there with way worse lives than me, I know that. I just don't like this place, or most of the people in it. I think it's time to call it quits. I'm arranging a way to bow out in the near future.   Thing is, my good friend just got married a little over a week ago. I don't want to have him associate my death with his new marriage. How long do you think I should give it before I check out? Would a month be enough, or do you think he'll still associate the two events?"
"I do not really want to die, I just want the pain to end! I am afraid Ill break down and actually do it, but I do not think that is enough to actually get help. I feel trapped. I do not know what to do"
"I feel like giving up. I honestly think I am destined for bad life.   The only person I ever truly loved, betrayed and left me.   I got into drinking.   And after 6 months, I am still depressed like nothing changed. Is this normal?   I don’t have anyone to talk to- friends abandoned me because they have better things to do in life and family doesn’t believe in mental issue."
"Teen struggling with mental illness, advice? I don't usually come to the internet for advice, mostly because everyone always seems so hostile, but I've reached a point where I don't feel comfortable sharing this with anyone in my life, even my sisters (whom I have always been close with), and I just don't know who else I can turn to. I don't want to say that I have SAD straight out the gate, partly because I know how some people can take self-diagnosis too far, but also because I really hope that I don't have SAD. Regardless, for as long as I can remember, I've been a shy kid. This never caused me any problems as a young child, but ever since about 6-7th grade, I started having more serious issues. I'm not comfortable going into full detail here, but I will say that these issues have been negatively affecting my life. They have caused me to miss out on opportunities, fail to form intimate and platonic relationships, and distance myself from my own family. While not all days are bad ones, I do believe that this (whatever it is) has gotten worse and may continue to do so. Currently, I will be starting my senior year of high school next year. Maybe I'm overreacting, but I feel like my problem may hinder my life after high school. As an adult, I want a career, hobbies, relationships, etc. But I don't see myself obtaining any of these if I continue along my current state. I want help, professional help, but I don't know if it's possible in my situation. My parents do not believe in mental illness and perceive mental health professionals to be ""a sham."" Additionally, my school has very limited mental health resources, so I don't think that would be an option either. Taking this into consideration, some genuine advice would be greatly appreciated!"
"You do not really live in the Moment/Present. Why it matters. There is no really such thing as living in the present or being present. The signals from the nerves in my skin and in my body have to travel to the brain to be processed, the brain has to somehow construct the feeling and sensations that I am feeling my organs and my heart pumping. It has to take some milliseconds for electrical signals to travel to the brain and what I see, hear, taste, touch, sense externally and internally is not what is happening ""now"".   ""Why does this matter?"" you may ask. It matters a lot. The sounds I hear are simply constructions and not actual sounds coming into my ears. I am literally hallucinating my experience just as live TV is not live TV because electrical signals have to travel through the cables taking time to transmit a video frame.  The emotions felt? They had to be triggered by some stimuli which nerve endings pick up, relay the electrical signals to the brain to give me the feeling of emotional reaction I have when I perceive something when in fact that emotion sensation has to come through the nerve endings as well, which is also a delay. Emotions are thus fabricated. Recollections are fabricated. They are not real in the sense that they are not happening in the absolute present as time lag has to be accounted to even be able to produce the feeling that I am recollecting something or feeling an emotion.  My body? But a hologram hallucination. As electrical signals have to take time to be processed, the touches I sense are delays. The lighting on my body which ever changes so slowly, still but a delay. My heart pumping? A delay. The knowing-sensation that you are moving? Also a delay.  Sounds are even interesting as I ""hear"" something, when in fact it is actually my brain that creates the sounds and sounds of thoughts I hear. The sounds are merely interpretations of waves coming into my ears. I do not ""see"" sights. I create seeing. I do not taste food. My brain and the nerves in the tongue create tastes. I do not hear, but create hearing.  Thus, my feelings of anxiety and stress are but fabricated constructions. Pain is also created and so is pleasure. I do not feel pain or pleasure. No. I create them. I am literally the creator of my feelings and sensations. I do not feel, just as I do not see, I do not hear. I create feelings, sounds, and sights. And when I realize that I am the creator of my feelings of stress, the stress goes away as feelings of stress have to have undergone some time delay to even be produced.   As a result, I learned to not identify with my emotions, and be able to not lash out or act impulsively as I used to. I still create anger and ""feel"" anger, but it does not become who I am. I still ""feel"" sadness when in fact, I created the sadness itself. The same goes with fear, shame, guilt, and other emotions like joy and happiness. My cravings and longings, also had to be produced by nerve signals. In short, you are not your emotions. Rather you are the creator of them. You are not who you think you are. You are the creator of the sense of you that is experiencing a construct that you once believed was actually real."
"Struggling with my SSRI's (for anxiety) - Does it get better? Hi all,     TL:DR - Started zoloft for health anxiety, side effects are hella bad, signed off work, had my dose reduced and still feeling rough. I don't know how to cope. Does it get better?     I'm a 25 year old dude, who's a little messed up. I was recently prescribed sertraline (zoloft) to combat some generalised health anxiety, and help with tackling a vomit phobia I've been working on this year. I have a long history of being very ill as a child and it has left me basically a hypochondriac as an adult and I'm determined to address this, my therapist recommended using antidepressants/anti-anxiety medication to start. My GP agreed and so, here I am. I am actually pretty well adjusted besides health anxiety and my phobia. I don't suffer from social anxiety or anything and I am in great spirits (no clinical signs of depression) other than my anxiety. I'm actually kind of an extrovert, which is why its so hard to feel anxious all the time.   &amp;#x200B;  I'm 2 weeks into my sertraline prescription and I'm not doing good. I had such intense side effects the first 6 days (rising anxiety, the most painful panic attacks and restlessness like you wouldn't believe) I made another gp appointment and they lowered my dose from the standard 50mg to 25mg, just to get me through it (with the plan of upping it back to 50mg when I've adjusted). It doesn't help that I am a hypochondriac and any side effects that make me feel 'weird' immediately make me anxious and panic. So I'm here 4-5 days into my 25mg dosage and I'm feeling measurably better than 50mg, but still rough. Everything feels worse that before I started the meds. Plus I go days where I can struggle to put food in my mouth and days where I can't fit enough in. The Dr. signed me off work for another week while I even out (I LOVE my job so I feel lost and guilty with out working! Even though I know I wouldn't be able to work anyway).      One really crazy thing thats happened is I felt so bloated for about 4 days, I thought it was just standard upset tummy, common with ssri's, but I've looked in the mirror and despite loosing nearly 3 kilos in 2 weeks, I now have stretch marks! And now I feel weird/ anxious about that with my girlfriend...     I'm doing my best to counter act everything. Going on long as long walks as I can manage, socialising (with my friends dog mostly, that boi is a good boi) and eating well, when I want to eat.      Does it really get better? I don't want to make another appointment with my GP - I know how ridiculous I must look a grown man, otherwise fit (if a little on the dad bod side, I blame Christmas) reduced to a blubbering mess twitching at the smallest side effects. I SO SO SO want to tackle these problems with my anxiety, but I have been feeling like its that scene from Harry Potter and the half blood prince where Dumbledore has to drink that liquid even when it seems like its killing him. It takes every bit of my mental strength to take the pill in the morning, then I roll up into my bed and wait for the woosiness to come. And 4-5 hours later, I'm functional but exhausted.      Guess this became half a vent and half a cry for support."
Talking to myself? I was diagnosed at age 12 with scizoaffctive disorder depressive type.Im 15 now i very very often find myself have long arguments with myself.or saying random things that even i have no idea what it means i do it i public or private.Sometimes i just laugh when i think of bad moments from my life dose anyone else do this?
"It didn’t get better This is my first post on reddit ever so here goes nothing.  I don’t really remember a time where I’ve been significantly happy. I’ve kind of always been stressed and depressed. I did have lows in high school but I could kind of easily get over it, even though they were consistent.  And then I got into uni. In architecture. The only place where I thought I belong. And everything just got worst. I’m to the point where I see NOTHING in myself. I can’t even try to feel good, nothing brings me joy. I feel like I’m stuck and I’m so overwhelmed and I just wanna end everything, I just wanna die. I even went to therapy and broke down while leaving the fourth time because he made me feel like I can’t get better. I can’t put into word the desperation I am in. I hate everything that I am and I just wish I could have a balanced lifestyle. I can’t. I’m so sad all the time, I’m tired all the time, hell I have trouble standing up.   I just want all of this to end. I tried talking to people and it always makes me so frustrated and angry at myself because I can’t apply any advice people give to me. I feel like killing myself would be the only real thing that could liberate my soul."
"Me (38F) and my mother (59F), who I foolishly keep trying to get love from I’m looking for advice on how to proceed.  Background: I’m 38, mom is 59. She is dysfunctional, riddled with personality disorders. She passed her neuroticism to me, and I try my best not to continue this cycle with my two girls.  You can’t criticize my mother in any way. If you do, she hits 10/10 on the temper scale immediately. Even as a grown woman, her anger scares me (not physically, just the power of her temper), and I have held my tongue for years when she has mistreated me, like when she was a complete dick on my wedding day and humiliated me in front of everyone, or the fact that she never comes over to see my two daughters because she can’t leave her horses. She never calls me, I always have to call her. When I do call her, she sounds busy and irritated that I’ve interrupted whatever she was doing. When she does this, I feel hurt, small, and resentful.  She is considered rude by most and has difficulty maintaining close, healthy relationships.   She and my grandmother are the only two family members I speak to. We all live 4-6 hours away from each other, in a triangle shape.  She never seems to care about seeing us (me, my husband, our children) for the holidays. This year, she said my grandma was coming up to her house, and we could just do thanksgiving and Christmas at once. Then today, she said my grandma is at her house - today. My grandma is elderly and usually isn’t up for the drive to my moms house, so I knew immediately that our holiday thing wasn’t going to happen. It’s very rare for my grandma to go to my moms without me knowing about it from one of them. They usually tell me so I can try to drive my girls over as we don’t see each other in person very often. I said “What? That means we won’t have our holiday thing, because she won’t be up to coming back up in two weeks.” My mom yelled my name, then angrily said she had to go and hung up on me.  I’ve been feeling more and more resentful of her behavior and I’ve been feeling like standing up for myself. I sent her a text that said “I love you, but I’d appreciate it if you didn’t hang up on me in anger anymore.”  Well, you all know from your own parents how well it went when I asked to be treated like a human being.  Her text back said:  “Don’t make every fucking thing ever about you. Get in your damn car and pack your kids down to see her or not. Her coming to help me was spur of the moment and I don’t want to hear how that makes you feel. Now go fucking radio silent for a good while.”  I just wrote back and said “Nice.” Which was my own little fuck you and your ridiculous behavior back to her.  Then I came home and cried while my husband hugged me.  It really hurts to have no family. I am fucked up because of my dysfunctional relationship with my mother. Do any of you ever feel dependent on your parent? I know that this is an unhealthy relationship with her, yet I am always afraid of making her mad, and always trying to get more love from her to make up for all the love I never got. And frankly, I think her dysfunction has made me narcissistic, too. But I love my kids and make sure they have a childhood filled with hugs and fun and just my availability and presence.   So. How should I proceed?  I’m sure I left some context out, happy to answer questions if more info is needed.  Tl;dr My mom sent a super mean and unhealthy text after I expressed dismay about not getting together for the holidays. This is our biggest fight ever and I’m sick of her abusive and neglectful bullshit, but am also afraid to cut ties because I am weak and needy. :("
"Help with physical manifestations of anxiety - FLUSHING! \[28, female\]. For the last few years I’ve been suffering with really awful and embarassing physical manifestations of anxiety. My heart races, I get dizzy, but the worst part is the flushing of my face and chest. I’m looking for some advice, and mainly just someone to listen. I have a loving and supportive husband, but he is always cool as a cucumber and I think he can sometimes find it hard to relate to me in anxious moments. Maybe there is someone here who has similar issues and can relate.   Some background:  I’ve always been an anxious person. Even as a kid, I remember having near meltdowns in the grocery store when my mom would run to a different aisle quickly to get something while I waited with the cart. Ever since puberty I have suffered with excessive underarm sweating… haven’t been officially diagnosed with hyperhidrosis, but I have tried every clinical deodorant under the sun with minimal results.   The facial flushing started about 6 or 7 years ago, and I can remember the exact moment and situation that triggered it… this is something I’ve only remembered and reflected on recently. Ever since this specific moment years ago, my facial flushing (and resulting social anxiety) has just gotten worse and seriously affected my quality of life. The social anxiety is a vicious circle. I get anxious that my chest and face will flush in a certain situation, which makes the anxiety worse, and flushes worse, etc. You get it.    Situations that trigger the flushing tend to be one-one-one conversations with people I am not 100% comfortable with, or any situation where I am somehow made the centre of attention.   And it’s so irrational. I work a very high stress, busy, health care job. And I love it. Yet, every time I have to go to my family doctor for something simple as a flu shot, I get anxious. Because I know they will take my blood pressure/pulse, which will be high because I’m anxious, and they’ll ask me why I’m anxious, which makes my pulse race even more, and chest flushes and it’s just SO frustrating. My family doctor is lovely, I’m not nervous around her or the setting. I work in a hospital for crying out loud. It’s just the simple act of having a one-on-one conversation with someone alone in a room. Last week I had to go to the dentist for a quick check up… something quick and painless… and there I was sitting in the waiting room just beet red, pulse racing, just waiting for it to be over. And last week at work, someone asked me about something about my personal life in a room (nothing crazy, just a simple question) with other people looking at me waiting on the answer… and I can just feel the red creeping down my chest and across my face. My manager is the worst for it. She’ll always say “Are you ok? Your face is red!” which of course just makes it worse and more awkward.  These are only some of the examples, I could go on all day.   I have had my heart checked with a 3-day Holter monitor and thyroid levels checked as well – all normal. It was somewhat relieving to know that I actually DO have a normal resting heart rate because every time it’s read on a monitor at the doctor’s office it’s sky high.   I’m at the point now where I am considering talking to a therapist about it, especially since I have recently remembered what I believe to be the triggering situation. I am curious whether anyone has had improvement and reduction of their physical symptoms of anxiety (mainly the flushing) with therapy alone? And what kind of therapy helped? Or is medication (like beta-blockers) the way to go?   Thanks for listening. You’re not alone out there."
"19 yo girl, empty house for the weekend, just now realizing how lonely I am usually im home alone because my mum works shifts in an hospital, i spend the day watching Netflix (friends/himym/the ranch/gg/that 70s show) and snacking here and there. i take a class of sort of “minor accounting” for a year and its only like 8 hours a week(2 days) i stopped working 3 months ago and will start working again in May hopefully (ill be qualified to work in accounting related job)  thats just a short background to my life  friends? well where i live, people my age usually are in the military. i didnt want to serve in the army (my friends wanted to but now not really but its too late, im kinda lucky in that area). ANYWAYS i have like 2/3 “close”friends (we go years back) but they made new friends in the army like really good friends and im so lonely in my everyday life.   now before you’re saying they’re in the military and have much more important things on their mind let me assure you they do not.  they’re not doing anything really important most day they’re on ig posting stories and selfies like 24/7 (i have been off social media for a while now so thank god i don’t see it anymore)  the point tho, my mums spending the weekend at her friends bc her friends dad passed away, so i invited my 2 friends over and they were like  “yeah cool” it was late at night so i told them we’ll discuss who brings what tomorrow. next day i texted each of them what to buy  friend 1- get booze (like 20$) friend 2- get snacks (15$ top) and im getting sodas, hookah, weed, and whatever friend 2 replied immediately: idk if i can make it me: ok when will you know? friend 2: look, i just came back from (army friend)’s birthday and idk its not really worth it for me to come over considering im the only one who pays for taxi (me and friend 2 are neighbors) i didn’t reply.  friend 1 later that day: hey listen I don’t think I’ll come, first off i don’t have any money  (note: she always says it and i always end up paying for her bc she “forgot” her cc or makes planes to go out with me then i get ready and she cancels last min bc she “just realized” she doesn’t have money so i end up paying for her) second thing is ive got stuff at home to deal with and im like so tired so   i could tell friend 2 was waiting for me to offer to buy the booze and beg her to come since she’s used to it but i just said “that’s cool friend 1 isn’t coming either so whatever,”  these are my only 2 friends basically. i feel so pathetic when my dad called to check up on me i lied that they were still coming over.  What do you guys think? What should I do today and in general?"
everyone i love leaves me. i grew up in an abusive household and have always had trouble connecting with people. when i open up to someone i end up trusting and loving them fiercely and it makes it so much worse when they hurt me like everyone else does. this year my best friend of twenty years ghosted me and it was just the final straw i guess. if the one person who always loved and cared for me when no one else did will leave then who wont? every single day is a struggle. i try so so so hard to make something of myself but i know deep down i never will because i just dont have the means to get myself help. i was finally able to pull myself out of depression and start functioning on a normal level (still far below normal for any normal person) and was even feeling happy for a while. but im sinking even lower than before and i dont think i have the energy to pull myself out again. even the hobbies i use to distract myself from the emptiness arent doing anything anymore. im just done.
"Weed and BPD So before I start I’d like to say I have not been diagnosed with BPD yet however after deep research I have all symptoms and highly believe that I may have it.  Anyway I’m making this post because in my experience smoking weed and having assumed bpd(not trying to self diagnose here so please don’t come for me) don’t really mix well. I guess you could call me a somewhat heavy smoker. I started in my upperclassmen years of high school and it got heavier as time went on. Now I’m smoking at least 1-4 blunts each day. It used to be so fun and made everything so much more enjoyable but now all it does is get me high but the high isn’t what it used to be. I feel very dull when the high wears off and it’s even changing me as a person. I know this is common for most “drugs” but it’s much more intense than that. Like my anxiety goes through the roof, I’ve turned into an introvert when Ive always been very outgoing, I’ll get these really dark depressing thoughts, and in all it just makes me feel/act/think negatively. It’s honestly breaking me down. When I’m sober I have major mood swings and anxiety so you would think weed would help those sort of things but no. It amps it up to 100 and makes me feel all kind of weird.  I’ve tried to quit so many times but I’m never able to stick with it. It’s almost as if I need it and I don’t like that. When I’m sober, even though it can be tougher that way to cope with things, I still feel more like myself and it makes me so happy. But I always end up giving in to the constant urge to smoke. I feel like smoking is one of my main issues I need to cut out as I feel it sorta blurs the lines between how I’m feeling or thinking making it difficult to resolve personal problems that I may have.  Just felt like sharing and wondering if anyone else out there has similar experiences"
"Thought I finally made a new friend. Nope.. failed again, haha. I feel so embarrassed. It's so difficult to make friends as an adult, but even harder when you're a mom. And hardest when you're socially awkward! I told my therapist I would try harder to make local friends (all my good friends are long distance but I sometimes just crave friendship in the ""real world"" haha) and I always worry that I'm trying too hard. It usually starts off with me clicking with someone, and one of us goes ""oh hey, here's my number/social media, we should keep in touch!"" and then I get completely ghosted. I've even had someone block me! And I'm sitting here wondering like ""I only messaged them one time, I wasn't being pushy or annoying them. I don't think I said anything offensive..What did I do?"" Are most people just anti-social? Is it just people in my town that are not friendly? Is it my generation? Hm.. sorry, just needed to vent! I guess I'm proud of myself for trying?"
My best and only friend does not even talk to me or care about me anymore. I asked her if she even loves or cares about me and she did not even replied. Then I asked her if she was mad or sad over me and she said no so what is the problem I am trying my best I feel like I cannot breath I feel like my heart was stabbed and then stepped on I feel like I cannot do without her. She helped me through so much thing. I cannot even breathe
"Bubble bath time When I grew up we had tons of fun with Mr Bubble. It could make bubble mountains that you could actually hide in. I’m looking for a bubble bath recently and all I can find produce minimal bubbles. Not exactly what I want my child to experience. I googled Mr Bubble and saw that you could still buy it , on line at least, but other sites popped up saying it was toxic. Does anyone know about this?"
"Theft by deception I have an older brother who is 20 years old and he has cut off his family to go to college like i did. There was something he did that i wasnt sure was legal though; to get money, he asked his parents if they could buy him a meal plan and they offered to compensate him if he already bought it. He made a fake transaction document that showed he bought the meal plan, and my parents gave him the money in cash. Later on they found out he never bought it because he had food stamps, but they bought the meal plan for him anyways so he could eat. Couldnt he get in legal trouble for this though?"
"Hot enough to bang, not hot enough to date https://imgur.com/a/6JwBj8P  Once guys figure out I won’t put out, or once I do, they disappear always. Those same guys then find serious girlfriends. The message is clear. I’m not hot enough to consider keeping and my pErSonALiTy (which I definitely have) hasn’t sustained the handful of non-starter non-relationships that have fallen apart."
"It hurtsIt hurtsIt hurtsIt hurtsIt hurtsI want it to stop, pleaseI *need* it to stop It hurts"
"How to attempt night time potty training My daughter is almost 4.5. Has been fully day time trained since before 3. Rarely had accidents. However, still needs a diaper at night. She wakes up with a full wet diaper every morning.   Is this something I should start attempting to fix by limiting liquids and waking her up every few hours to go? Or should I wait til the diaper is dry most nights to start?   Admittedly, I really enjoy a full nights sleep (don’t we all) and have been lazy about starting night time training, but she’s such a big kid that I’m having trouble finding diapers that fit anymore."
"I woke up at 5pm today despite my alarms, and I'm fucking disgusted with myself. This is possibly the worst on record. Previously it was 2-3pm."
"Having difficulty getting over an argument Hello! A few days ago I was yelled at by a person who worked in a business and saw my dog waiting outside for me (he was tied up, had water, was in shade, the weather was only 70° and he was being checked on while I was in the store) . He came in and started yelling, so I went out to see the problem, which was just that he felt dogs shouldn't be left outside businesses. He came really close to physically assaulting me and called me a lot of different names which resulted in me filing a police report against this person.  It's been a few days since after this happened and I am really struggling with understanding what happened. I don't mean to use this like a personal diary,  but my partner thought maybe other people in the autistic community might be able to help me understand why I can't let this go. Do any of you guys have trouble with processing emotions like this? Do you have any tips for helping me?"
"I (21m) am not sure if I'm faking depression or not For some context:   I'm currently studying Masters degree in the UK. I am currently experiencing some things I can't explain. On one hand, I feel miserable and hopeless most of the time.  But on one hand, I feel like an imposter. Like those people who is online bragging about how depressed they are. I never tell anyone about these feelings, but I always feel like I'm just faking it as an excuse for my uselessness and incompetencies.   So, I went to the GP and have it diagnosed clinically. The GP just simply diagnose me by asking a few basic questions and do a questionnaire in which she prints out online and have me do it. Anyways, the score suggests I have ""Medium to Severe"" depression. The GP just simply suggest I go to counselling, therapy, CBT, etc. With no anti-depressants or anything similar.   As I went to a counsulting session (which is a well-being service available in my uni), he suggests that my depression might not be that bad because I was not prescribed with any medication. (Though he still arranged me with additional counselling).  So by this point, I am even more confused than before seeking help. If I am not prescribed with anti-depressants, does it mean I only have mild depression (or not at all)?"
"My anxiety induced ER trip last night &amp; the diagnosis Hi everyone. I am posting this to give some of you perspective &amp; insight.   I have pretty bad anxiety that gives me the typical anxiety symptoms like chest pain, pain and tingles everywhere, etc. it can get very bad and out of control.   For the past 2 weeks I had a bad headache that wouldn’t get better. I thought it was stress induced but I had never gotten an anxiety headache in the past. I started thinking something was wrong with me. I was googling stroke, silent stroke, stroke without drooping, blood clots in brain, vein problems in head, anxiety headaches, migraine, etc etc etc. This prompted heavy severe chest pains. My arm went completely numb. After 2 weeks of insane googling, and seriously 24/7 worrying, I went to the ER. The thing that really made me worry is that I was on a relaxing trip to FL and still got these symptoms , so I had convinced myself there was something truly wrong.   I had a CT done of my brain. Because of my googling, i knew i wanted one before even going in. The doctor asked me if I wanted it to rule out brain issues like tumor stroke blood clot etc so i said yes. it came back clean. That was a huge relief and I recommend that if you have head pains and your doc asks if you want a CT, I would recommend it for peace of mind. This rules out all scary things involving blood flow etc.   The doctor diagnosed me with a pinched nerve in my neck that literally caused this spread of pain and tingling in my arms.   If you have bad posture, neck pain, stiff neck muscles etc, keep this in mind. It could be the reason for radiating pain and numbness and tingling. Sleeping weird, shrugging your shoulders (are you holding tension in your shoulders or shrugging them right now? Check). Tension in my shoulders is basically there 24/7 and he said this is an anxiety thing. Relax tension in your shoulders and face. This constant tension can cause issues that mimic diseases and send you into a spiral of anxiety.   This is just an example of how you can freak out majorly and have bad symptoms that are associated with horrible things like stroke, and it can turn out that it is something simple and curable. I never knew a pinched nerve could cause these symptoms like headache and even numb hands. However the numbness and tingling is actually a huge symptom of pinched nerve. Keep in mind that if you are healthy and have no huge risk factors, it is just anxiety or lifestyle factors, not a heart attack or stroke. That being said still visit your doc with major symptoms to rule stuff out like I did and to get reassurance.    TL;DR: I went to the ER with numbness and tingling in my left arm and a headache that lasted weeks. These symptoms put me into a huge anxiety spiral. Turns out I had a pinched nerve in my neck causing the symptoms and anxiety over exaggerated it."
"I'm having depression due to my Manager. Hi all,  I'm currently working at a bank and the manager I work for is terrible. He scolds aka screams at me for no reason. This has put me really down. His scream is always in my head, I feel so stressed when I wake up every morning.   How do I get rid of this ? I currently cannot leave my job due to personal reasons. But I need to get him out of my head. Please help."
"I wanna die I am a loser I have no talents, everything stresses me school, friends and other things.  a moment I'm thinking to kill myself but what my family thinks about it after that I can't explain how I feel to another person, I feel that it's all my fault.  I write this because I need help"
"Does anyone else struggle with over commitment? Hi everybody! I'm new to this subreddit so be please be gentle. I'm wondering if any of you guys ever struggle with commitment, specifically over commitment. I feel like because I feel things so deeply (which I'm finding out is somewhat common among people with bipolar disorder) I tend to over commit. In this specific instance I've been thinking about my over commitment to people. I tend to stay committed to people even when they don't stay committed to me, and I feel like I fight for relationships much harder/longer than I probably should but I have this insanely overwhelming fear if I cut off a relationship I'll just be doing it while I'm in a manic state or depressed and I'll come out of the episode and hate myself for what I've said/done. I had a problem of having no filter during episodes early on in my diagnosis and I was pretty terrible to my family and I still hate myself for how I treated them. I've worked really hard to filter every thought especially when I'm having an episode. But now I hold on to people as long as they'll keep me around even when I know I'm being used because I'm so scared to say something I can't take back. Can anyone relate to this? Or have any advice on how to sort out my real feelings? Or how to know when to walk away from someone?"
"Fine with other, but deep depression alone I wanted to know if there's anyone else like this. I'll be happy and joke around and overall be ok when I'm talking to people at school or elsewhere, but as soon as I'm alone I get really depressed. I start to convince myself all my friends hate me and I'm just a pity friend. I know my problems aren't as serious as others', just needed to vent and see if in alone on this."
"HELP! barbell lost roll pins. Good morning people I ran into a situation I’ve had this weight set for about two years and I finally built it because I want to get back into shape everything is good to go except the barbell, it seems I have misplaced the dam roll pins any ideas on what I can use for a replacement I’m thinking of just heading down to Home Depot but wanted to check with any of you to see if you have any better ideas."
"I owe a brokerage money (through Robinhood) but it’s not all my fault I have a negative balance on Robinhood stock trading platform of about 3K (from being an idiot and trading options on leverage). About two months ago this account was worth about 11K and I tried to close my position but could not via a Robinhood technical “outage”. From the time this outage occurred to when it was fixed my account balance went from 11k to 4k. I was not given proper notification of this outage so I feel like I am entitled to this. Anyhow, I didn’t sell my positions because I was devastated at my current losses  due to this glitch and the 4K went to 0, and then -3K.  I’ve been trying to fight this claim on Robinhood support for about a month now, to no avail. They said that they reserve the right to use third party collectors, but would work with me so I can repay the 3K. Am I entitled to pay?? I feel like I already lost way more than the brokerage did due to their technical glitch! I don’t want to pay this 3k and wondering if I should continue to fight it with support, open a case in small claims, or fight it once it goes to collections. Any help is greatly appreciated. Thanks!"
"I’m a recreational therapist at maximum security prison, we’re starting a live stream Q&amp;A subreddit engaging with inmates, Monday through Wednesday 0900-1500 PST    Please subscribe and stayed tuned Monday through Wednesday to engage with inmates.  https://www.reddit.com/r/askaninmate"
"my perception of my body may be slightly messed up so my body is pear shaped. i have tiny arms + a thin upper body, but my thighs are just... huge. and my inner thighs are flabby and disgusting. eugh  my bmi oscillates around 18.5 (old bmi) but i can't see myself as thin or even ""normal"" weight, and it's mostly because of my thighs. i went from 50 to 45kg and i can barely see a change in how i look. it fucks me up a little honestly and whenever i see a tall person with skinny legs i feel so bad about my short stubby legs, ya feel me?  but recently... two things happened that made me realize that my perception of my body may be a little skewed.   1. i wanted to buy some leggings &amp; i was going to try an M but the only sizes left were XS and L. guys, the XS actually fit me.  slightly snug, but it fit me. and it didn't look (that) bad. i honestly almost cried  2. i hosted a party a few days ago, and most of my girlfriends were wearing dresses. they wanted to play twister at some point and they asked me if they could borrow some leggings/pajama pants so they could play a round or two.  this beautiful, skinny friend of mine frowned at the leggings i gave her and said that they might be a little too tight for her, and afterwards apologized for stretching them out. these leggings were slightly loose on me to begin with. i was like ???? how? you're thinner than me? and she was like, ""what no, you're thin too, what are you talking about?""   i guess what i'm trying to say is that... i may not look as bad as i think i look. and even though i still have some weight to lose, i definitely made some progress, even if i don't see it  anyways!! sorry for this super long and nonsensical post, but i can't exactly talk about this with other people hahah. thanks for reading"
"Stuck in a foreign country due to COVID19 unable to pick up my prescription meds 🥴 I’ve been on SSRIs for about 9 month for severe depression, went on holiday with a month long stash and now stuck there unable to fly back to my country with no meds.  I do have my (year long) prescription with me (it’s not in English though), what do you think I should do? Go to a psych hospital try to convince them to give me meds or just stop taking them indefinitely?   PS they say international borders might be closed until June :("
"I made the decision yesterday that today I will be passing on. I wrote my note of wishes, letting whoever finds me know what I want done with my body and belongings. I just hope my demands will be honored. I have never wrote a suicide note before, in the past I just made the attempt, but now I have a few things that need to be taken care of. I have no one to say goodbye to, so Ill just say goodbye to myself, the dreams I had once, the art I created, the art I never got to create, and all my pain. It hurts knowing no-one will ever know me or my story, nor will I be remembered. But at-least I got to share one thing, before I leave. Todays My last day"
"I've Got Nothing Left I hate life. The toughest part about living life with depression or any mental illness is the fact that you have to pretend like you don't have it. Anti depressants are the ""quick fix,"" and the only thing they do is prevent you from showing emotion. Right now, I've got a bunch of shit to do and I just want to lay in bed. It's just miserable. I want to be alone, but I know I need to be around people. I need to talk to a professional and have a good cry. The problem I have is that I cannot cry and I cannot afford professional help...so the loop continues."
"My Autistic Son's First Day at Day Camp, and I am Waiting by the Phone... I usually have total confidence in my high- functioning Autistic son. The last couple of weeks of school however, his behavior was very violent to his classmates. In school he usually has a para. Now he is going to a general ed day camp and I am concerned about his behavior. We didn't want to punish him by not allowing him to go since camp can be a very fun, fundamental, growing experience for most kids his age. He was extremely excited to go and there are social workers at the camp who specialize in helping kids on the spectrum. He is also with a few of his closest friends. I've just been at the edge of my seat all day at work. I hope we get good news about his first day!"
"gun accessories &amp; USA ITAR as a tourist Dear Reddit!  Next month I will be travelling to the US (California-Nevada) for touristical purposes. I would like to use this opportunity to buy some accessories for my duty gun Glock 17 at a cheaper rate.  I've found a few shops where I would like to buy 2 safariland holsters and 1 tactical light TLR-1. Some people warned me about ITAR.  Can someone explain to me if it is possible to bring these items in my luggage flying back to Europe? These items are also legal to buy and posses in my country.  I don't have a problem to unwrap the items a put them in my luggage like I got them from ""a friend"".  Is this ITAR a (potential) problem for me as a tourist when I pass customs on my way home? Or is ITAR most for professional sellers?  Thanks for the advice!  Stijn"
"I feel like I’ve come full circle back to suicidal thoughts I fought so hard to escape Two years ago almost tried to kill myself. Decided to wait, opened up to my family and friends about it and got help. Received counseling and various different medications. Depression never went away but at least I wasn’t suicidal. Fast forward today I have a great supportive girlfriend now and I feel like things have been improving. But those thoughts are back. The drugs couldn’t destroy them, neither could the counseling, and neither could my family, friends, or girlfriend. They haunt me. Ik tried of people telling me to wait, and that things get better. They do, but it doesn’t matter. I wanna give in. To finally get rid of the pain. Once and for all."
"Divorce almost 4 years into marriage, she just went cold... I just have to get this out. Have been living with each other for almost 8 years, of which almost half we've been married. Over the last year and a half, intimacy went down to 0 gradually - from her towards me. I have tried, but I kept feeling rejection and her distancing away. We shifted from partners to roomies/friends. I lied to myself, telling myself that it's just a phase, blaming it on her stress from work and whatnot. Last night she hugged me, cried and said she wants a divorce and that she's been thinking about it for a long time already. Reasons are simple, she no longer loves me, my character traits (phlegmatic mainly) that she adored early on are no longer the traits she wants to spend with her entire life, in otherwords, she believes we are incompatible. We never had a physical fight, never called each other names, had some common hobbies, had mostly common friends, traveled together. She had a conflict with my mother, and has not been happy about the fact that I haven't been 100% on her side in the conflict. It's just one of many bits of why she stopped loving me I guess. All in all, not how I planned it. I still love her, she is a good person and she believes that so am I. I am heartbroken, suggested counseling, but she is firm on the divorce. I am not going to fight it, I don't want her to be unhappy, she had previous depression issues. Now I have to figure out how I am going to deal with the stress and emotions myself and what I'm going to do with my life as I really wanted to start a family for the past 3 years, now that is significantly delayed. Today, my life sucks.    for reference: turning 34, no kids, no jointly owned real estate, I don't expect any issues with the divorce"
"I've accumulated about $4500 in credit card debt. I am paying $400 a month for it but the interest rate is eating a big portion of it. Should I see if I can apply for lower interest credit, like an unsecured line of credit or a low interest credit card? I have no clue if an unsecured line of credit would have lower interest rate then my current credit card (my current is 20%). I'm just throwing that out there in case it might (I will contact my bank and ask before doing any of this, just wanted a second opinion.)  In terms of the low interest credit card, assuming I'm approved, would it be a good idea to get one and transfer my credit card debt to it solely for the purpose of paying it off?"
"Seeking audio recordings about people's experiences with quarantine Hello,  I am an NYU student directing a **PSA** to help people recognize the **impact that the shelter-in-place can have on one's mental health** and to make them aware of the resources that are available to help with such.  I am seeking people with diagnosed mental health problems to **submit audio content** describing their experiences during quarantine. I would like to know how the isolation has affected your mental well-being, how coping with your mental health condition is different during quarantine, etc.  Even if you are only able to record on an iPhone, that would be totally fine.  The final PSA will be a compilation of people's audio with animation over each statement. **We fully intend to treat this issue with care and integrity and to tell your story as honestly as possible.**  Please PM me for my email if you are interested!  Thank you all for your time."
"What do I do if I can't pay my taxes? Last year was my first full year in business. The year prior I only paid a couple hundred dollars im taxes because I claimed a loss. But last year I grossed around 230k. My accountant is telling me I have a net profit of like 60k. 21% tax rate, I'm paying a little more than 12k. I don't exactly have that. Does the IRS have a payment plan? Or am I going to jail? Any advice would be great."
"Nearly passed out the other day vs. my fear of bringing a snack. Long time lurker, first time poster. 👀 Just so frustrated at the moment that I gotta vent.  I was at a theme park with friends last week and I blacked out on an attraction; I didn’t actually lose consciousness, but my vision was completely black for the better part of a minute and I was drenched in sweat. All I could think about was what a horrible ordeal it would be if I passed out and they had to shut down the attraction to get me off. I know it was a combo of the heat, the rides we’d already ridden, and the fact that I’d restricted super heavy the day before in anticipation of theme park food. My wife was very upset and is now concerned that I’m not eating enough, which I’m definitely not but?????  I’m restricting insanely heavy this week because my mom is coming to visit this weekend and we’ll be eating soooo much. Because of last week I’m paranoid I’m going to black out at work, and THAT would be such a nightmare. I put a Clif bar and a mini beef jerky stick in my work bag just in case, but now I’m afraid I’m going to eat them just because I’m hungry, and not because I feel faint. Literally is it even worth bringing them at all. 🙃🙃🙃"
"""We shouldn't be together if you're so miserable."" Girlfriend of 3 years said this to me today. I get what she's saying but it doesn't mean it hurts any less. She said this after I confided to her that I've been feeling down lately. At this point I don't even know who to talk to anymore."
"What does a Pirate drug dealer say? ""I got the HOOK up!"" (While holding right arm with hook above his head.)"
"I'm an omnivert I seem to be very social and talkative with people that I can resonate well with. On the other hand, I am very reserved with people I can't relate well to. Anyone agree?"
"I just feel so left out... This is my first time posting here, so I hope that what I say is allowed. If not, I will be happy to move it or go elsewhere.  My husband is in Israel for a ten day visit with his brother who is getting married. My biggest anxiety trigger is husband leaving/ being away because of some things that happened when I was much younger. (I'm 47 now). He texts me to keep me in the loop when he goes off on these trips but this time it's like he doesn't have the time for me.   He has said a couple of things like he was angry at his brother for doing something, and for not doing something else, but didn't say anything other than I'll tell you later. I asked him when later was and didn't even get a response.   I pointed out to my husband that we usually text but he doesn't seem to have the time for me. And I get that he's in Israel, the first time he's been there / or any country overseas for that matter.   I was supposed to be on this trip too, but I was uninvited. We talked about where we wanted to go, sights we wanted to see, and such, but then we found out that the things I wanted to see were too far away, so it just became ""husband's list"" of things to do. And he and his brothers were chatting on Facebook and I was in there too and they said, well we'd like to go out and do a bachelor party thing for brother but we've got (me) to tag along so I don't know how much fun it will be with 4 guys and someone's wife. They mentioned that I could hang out with the bride but she doesn't speak English and it appears we have nothing in common. So I talked to husband and said am I being un-invited? And he said something to the effect of well, you will be a 5th wheel, something extra to drag around. I know we had this conversation. I know we did. But now he's saying that he never said that, would've never said that.   So he's in Israel having a great time and I'm here at home in Florida miserable and anxious and not having any of my texts answered. And I feel like I could cry, which actually would be a good thing bc I haven't had a good cry in a long time.   I have a therapist appointment tomorrow, thank goodness."
Does anyone want to chat? Just wondering if anyone wants a friend. I'm here &lt;3
"does anyone else casually think about suicide as a back up plan? ever since I was a kid I always saw suicide as a back up plan. I remember in middle school I was terrified of starting high school because all my older family cousins and family friends would tell me how difficult it was and I would think to myself oh it’s cool if I can’t do it i’ll just kill myself. it sounds funny to say out loud. any hardship or future fear would always be accompanied by the thought that if anything unpleasant happens for a long period of time i’ll just kill myself. I remember feeling sad for no reason when I was young and I told myself that if it was always like this then at least that’s a viable option. at 17 I gave myself until 25. i’m 22 now. I still think this a lot. I don’t know why i’m posting this. idk i’ve never actually said it out loud and I wanted to, just to see if anyone else has thought this way or maybe still does?"
Trapdoor Springfield project &amp;#x200B;  [1884 Trapdoor Hawkin](https://i.redd.it/i9q9blwc2sq21.jpg)
"I feel that I am at the end of the line. Every fucking day is a dread. Stuff is not interesting. I am so irritable and annoyed. I cannot care for anyone and it hurts because I want to care. But I just feel damn empty inside and want to disappear. My dog suffers because of my depression, my relationship too, my work. Nothing is untouched by the emptiness and the disease of depression. Can it ever stop being this way? I have tried and tried and feel stuck. Help please. Please some solace, a break, progress. Something that can help me hold on and keep going. Empty and irritating days, every day"
"Need advice please! Recently I’ve been noticing a lot of anxiety in my life, along with a few panic attacks. They usually come when I have time to think (in an Uber, on the train, sitting at home). It sucks. I’ve never been an anxious person but maybe I am.   I’ve started using headspace with helps calm me a bit at night, but last night I had to fight through a brief panic attack while mediating, has this ever happened to anyone else?  I was also curious if anyone has found any good audiobooks, apps, anything that helps with their anxiety?   Just feeling a bit overwhelmed right now so I’m open to all tip, tricks, or advice.   And lastly, when will I know that it is bad enough that I need a therapist (not against it, just have a busy schedule so would take some adjusting of my daily pattern)."
"I’ve never felt this lonely and unimportant in my life I feel incredibly lonely and like every friend I have doesn’t care about me or what happens to me. I have an amazing partner and I feel really guilty for even feeling this way because he does everything right and is supportive and amazing, but lately he’s been depressed himself and I feel like it’s been a vicious cycle. I try to reach out and ask my friends how they are and strike up conversations but I always get brushed off or a reply that’s a week later, and I’m really not sure what I’m doing wrong. I honestly can’t remember the last time someone checked on me or seriously asked how I was doing. I have no idea what direction my life is going and I’m going to graduate from college soon, and I feel like I’m going to kill myself before it happens. I have a chronic illness that requires constant management and affects literally every part of my life and makes my mental health unbelievably worse, not to mention that my medicine has been getting more and more expensive for no reason at all. I feel really hopeless and unimportant to everyone in my life. I’ve suffered from really bad anxiety and depression for as long as I can remember and I’m in therapy right now and on medication but I feel like nothing is really helping. I grew up pretty overweight and got bullied constantly for it and I developed disordered eating tendencies and my chronic illness allows me to lose weight if I don’t give the medication I’m supposed to, and I’ve been doing it on and off for the past two years until I landed in the hospital about a month ago for it. Everyone in my family and my partner were really disappointed in me and I felt horrible and it was a really scary experience. And now I’m scared to tell a professional or a friend how I really feel because I’m terrified of being involuntarily hospitalized or even just having them think I’m crazy. But I constantly think about how it would be better if I just wasn’t here anymore, how my parents would save money not having to send me money and pay for my medicine, and I wouldn’t be such a burden to my partner or my friends anymore. I just really need to feel like someone cares about me for a second."
"""why don't you go to the bedroom and put on that thing I bought you for valentine's day"" ""you mean nothing?"" ""oooh yeah"""
"Banned violent member from social group, what are our options? NC  Part of a social/athletics group (meet a couple times a week, mainly through social media for board-games/biking/running/drinks/etc). Recently had an altercation with a specific member who threatened others (allegedly with a firearm) while at a bar. We've banned them from the group, but no report was filed due to individuals wanting to move on (not my call, but no control over it), do we have any specific legal options for enforcing the ban since many of our meetups are on public property or various businesses?"
"How do I deal with that I will never have a girlfriend? My ideal dream, even now, is to have a girlfriend and someday marry her, start a family and have a child. I've always been by pure nature a very sincere, affectionate, fun, funny but focused person at the same time, attentive, who knows how to listen and that I know that if a single girl deigned to know me even if it's a bit I know that she'd like me.  However, I know that I'll never ever get anything similar in my whole life and it's doomed to loneliness. And this isn't something that creates, I know perfectly. Among other things, because I'm not from the USA or the American continent and things in my country in particular are very different since here there are NO attentive girls directly, only the superficiality is undeniably the order of the day (and where I don't leave winning)  In addition, to all this is added the fact that I don't like to go out there and I find it extremely barbaric to speak a single syllable before a woman.  And even then, even knowing this and accepting it, I have a hard time assimilating it and that all the years that I still have left of life will be monotonous one after the other mired in total solitude, because I don't even have a single woman friend nor does it seem that I'm going to have (although I don't have so many male friends too).  One of my outings could have been the online dating websites, but I know perfectly well that they don't really work.  And I promise that I'm not someone demanding. Just any girl who understands me a little would be enough and left over."
"I hate myself and wanna die I hate my whole existence and every single atom thats within my body. I dont care about anything anymore i have 0 self love and respect. I have grim images in my head of me hanging from the ceiling. I desperately want this to end, living in a shit system where its only about money and selfishness.  It’s terrible absolutely mortifying. I hate everyone for everyone is so superficial theyre almost artificial."
"Wish I could posts on Reddit without people snooping into my profile making assumptions about me. That’s things I need to get off my chest and I don’t feel comfortable doing it here. Had a random guy tell me “You should do your family a favor and leave them” out of the blue. I FUCKING LOVE MY FAMILY! I adore my children and would die for them. I’ve given them a great life full of love, stability, and support.   He’s just one of many that have treated me poorly based off my profile page. It made me go and completely edit all my comments and deleted a bunch of posts."
Wife left I have issue I won't go in to details as there are posts in full on other sub reddits. I am so lonely I have talked to neighbours. For comfort and had a friend round last night fo a few hrs my parents have visited and I have visited also speaking on line with my wife's sister in law. But I am just very lonely.  Aswell as grieving for my lost relation ship and best friend. Even when I'm with my kids I feel lost. The split is very raw still.
"If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress? Congress."
"Excluding squats/deadlifts from leg day? Are they that important or could i get away with doing stiff legged deadlifts, leg press machine, lunges and calf raises for leg day? I ask this because squats make my hemorrhoids flare up every time and i would rather avoid this."
"Where should someone that doesn’t make a lot of money be putting the small amount they make? I don’t want to say what I make, but I will say I’m fortunate to not have many expenses outside of rent and groceries. I have a small amount of debt, mostly medical. Im trying to find ways to make passive income. If I could contribute $500 to $1000 a month for some kind of investment, what would be best?   Please be nice, it’s rough when people get condescending and rude on here, I just want some advice."
"Recently single with a 10 month old boy and looking for financial/job advice My partner recently left, I don't want to get too much into that but he's left us in a pickle money wise. I was 100% financially dependant on him and now it's just me trying to figure out food and rent until we sort out some kind of child support or something. It's the weekend so I can't inquire about benifits or anything till Monday, my rent is due Thursday. Mum's bringing over food and little things but can't afford to pay a second rent. Anyway can anyone suggest something quick from home to make some money until  we get on our feet? I can't actually go to work because I have to look after Bub but I have acess to the Internet and lots of free time so I was wondering if anyone knows a good website for like the s u r v e y s that pay or anything else I can do online to make money quick? As embaressing as it is I even thought about selling ""feet pics"" or something but I can't even find a place for that haha. Any work from home quickly suggestions would be greatly appreciated. Thanks"
"My emotions are flatlined Used to be I’d feel like shit most of the time but once in a while I’d have a depressive episode which sucked, but afterwards I’d feel this wave of comfort and a “everything’s gonna be alright” feeling, like my brain was trying to fight off the depression with happy chemicals.  Now I’m mostly numb and just stare at my phone all day until I fall asleep.  I think I preferred feeling like shit most the time with some moments of true happiness to this absolutely meaningless, emotionless existence."
"I need an excuse to miss three days of work I'm at my wit's end with lack of sleep and anxiety. I usually get one day off at a time and it's not enough right now. I want to ask for three days off next week, or the week after. I'm going to write down ""personal"" for my reason but if my boss asks about it I want to have a convincing reason. I don't want to say I'm leaving town. Any help is appreciated."
"I'm so tired Basically I'm tired of being tired. Everytime I get this fkin sht mood I think to myself ""Why is this happening now, why again, I'm so tired of feeling like this"". It's just so random. I'm there doing stuff not thinking about anything and then for a second something kicks in I start feeling so sad about everything. I only see the worst in myself and the world and basically everything really whenever that happens.    I don't see the point in anything, I'm not good at anything, I can't do sht, I can barely get out of bed to go to school. I should be there 5 days a week and I always end up going 2-3 because I just can't get out of bed. I hate my course and I hate that place as well. I fucked up way too much stuff to fix anything in my life at this point. I don't enjoy things as I did before and honestly I don't think I ever actually enjoyed them even back then but at least I was able to do stuff now I can't even leave my bed most of the time. They were more of a distraction anyway but I can't anymore. It's too tiring, everything. I'm mentally exhausted. I can't find motivation to do anything. It's like I'm carrying something so heavy whenever I think of doing something it just won't let me. I find it difficult to even eat I don't have appetite for food at all at this point whatsoever. I just lay in bed all day trying to think of something to do but I never can get started with anything. I get too many thoughts about too many things it's overwhelming. I used to just play games and stuff to have fun. Well I can't do that for more than 30 minutes or so anymore. It's not fun I don't enjoy it, I get randomly sad whenever I do it, makes me just wanna go back to bed.   Another reason why I hate going to school or just going out in general (not like I ever do that). I got really pretty bad anxiety. I'm too self conscious about everything really. And it's not just myself. It's with people around me as well. I can't talk to anyone, I can hardly breathe sometimes when I'm around people. I can't stand people looking at me or drawing any attention to myself. It feels horrible I overthink every little thing possible it makes me feel like I wanna just disappear sometimes. Even if people aren't actually looking at me and I know they actually fuckin aren't for some reason my brain decides to act like I'm always being watched by everyone around me. There's so much pressure and all for nothing really but I can't do anything about it. I can't be around people or in crowds or in public transport or anything really but at the same time I hate being alone or feeling lonely I don't know what the fuck is going on in my head honestly. I don't have any friends irl whatsoever. I can go to school for weeks without saying anything to anyone and that actually happens. Whenever I talk to anyone it's only because I'm forced to and even then I try to avoid it as much as possible. And if it happens ever I just short answer everything but there's so much stuff going through my head it hurts.   Well this is just venting but yea in conclusion I'm just so tired of always feeling like sht and just not seeing the meaning in anything anymore. I don't even know what's going on or why am I here. I'll just go back to sleep now. Thanks to whoever actually read till here. Appreciate it."
"Do any of you have anxiety based tattoos? Looking for help. Hey, so I struggle with anxiety, and a lot of the time its sorta existential I guess? The universe and life/death and all that kinda overcomes me sometimes.   Anyways, what are some ideas or images you guys use to help ground yourself again?"
"Feeling anxious about Mom’s reaction to failing at job seeking My anxiety has ratcheted up so many notches in the last few months, especially since I got into a grad school (I’m excited but didn’t expect to get in so I didn’t prepare as well as I should have).    I’ve not worked in months, but I really liked having a break from working since I worked constantly from the ages of 16-23. Now I’m having trouble even trying to apply, and those jobs I’ve applied to generally send back rejections.  My mom has sent me a potential job to apply for, despite me not moving there for months yet. I didn’t apply for it in time, but now my mom is going to ask if I applied for it and I’m afraid of her disappointment.   I don’t even know why I’m anxious about it, she is understanding and provides the push I need to do things. Yet I’m still very anxious about it. I think I will try to find another job to apply to, but so many of them want you to start right away or within the month.   I’m not even going to be moving to that state until mid to late summer!"
"I feel like my life is joke. Ive been in therapy for years, finally found a good therapist I really connected with about a year ago. We’ve been working really hard on getting me out of the house because isolation is a huge depression trigger for me. Right as my life seemed to be coming together and I started making plans to get out this pandemic happens and I’m forced to stay home. I know it’s better to stay home and safe than to go out and risk infection but being home 24/7 is making it impossible to function. I sleep 20 hours a day, I forget to eat, when I am awake I just lay in bed and worry about what’s going on in the world. Last night I was getting really bad intrusive thoughts telling me to kill myself. I want so badly to wake up from this nightmare and get my life back on track but they’re saying this could last through summer. I live in the United States where lots of people think this is all some big conspiracy and people aren’t staying home, throwing parties (I just watched my neighbor throw a birthday party for their kid a few days ago), and continuing to socialize as normal so I’m honestly expecting this to last all year here. I feel so trapped and helpless. Even my mom thinks this is all a conspiracy to take down Trump. I’m so tired of being stuck in this house."
"What to do about persistent chronic coughs from allergies and missing school My child has allergies that cause frequent chronic coughs. We went through 2 years of allergy shots, that I thought were helping in the beginning, but now it seems like they did little to nothing.   Other than coughing all of the time, they're fine. School handbook says ""If your child doesn't have a fever, they should be in school"". However, coughing can be extremely disruptive. My child has already missed 9 of the 10 days theyre allowed to miss in a year.   I just am at the end of my rope with this. I can't keep them home every time they have a cough because it is all the time! The doctor just keeps throwing allergy meds and cough syrup at us and it is not helping.   I dont know what to do anymore, they need to be in school. The teacher and other volunteer parents think I am a horrible parent that brings their sick kid to school. He's not contagious, just disruptive. What am I supposed to do?"
"Need to set up father, 61, for retirement using $180k in cash &amp; ~$30k annual income. No debt, owns home, on SS disability/medicaid. I need to get my dad set up for retirement. We're going to see a CFA on Thursday, but I wanted to get some information going into the meeting. His financial situation is thus: He receives around $1000/month in social security disability payments and $9,000/year in cash rent for farmland he owns. He is also on medicaid. He owns his home and has no outstanding debts. He recently sold a home and is sitting on $180k in cash, mostly from the sale, in the local bank (before this year's income tax on the p!!). There is also a chance he may need to pay back some SSDI funds in the future, maybe ~30k but I'm unsure. The farm land he owns is valuable and I would like to have it remain in the family if possible.  My main concern is that his current monetary assets are enough to keep him taken care of as he ages. How should we invest them? I can see him being tempted by an annuity because he is quite risk averse, but I was thinking about some of the money in a Betterment smart saver account and the rest in a Betterment personal investment retirement account.  What am I missing? What else should we be considering?"
"I've become numb. I've just stopped feeling anything Is this okay. Like, I still feel sadness, I would just tear up at a moment's notice. Sometimes I would sit in the dark in a corner of my apartment smoking cigarettes and just letting the tears roll until they're done. It's just become a part of me. The suicidal thoughts are there, but I'll just ignore them because I'd rather something happen to me then for me to end it on my own. I've alienated too many people to talk about what I'm dealing with and the ones that I haven't always want to talk about being religious."
"Struggling to find a reason to continue living I'm a 22 year old college student set to graduate and start a new job this Spring. My life should be great, except I fucked it all up 3 weeks ago. For the past 5 years I have been dating the most amazing girl I've ever known. I'll call her J here. I was going to marry her once I graduated. She made me happy and supported me through hard times. Before we started dating I used to have suicidal thoughts, but those stopped when she entered my life.  Three weeks ago I came back to school for the spring semester. I saw all the friends that I hadn't seen for a month and we made plans to party a bit, have some fun, then go skiing in the morning before classes started up again. Well, I got a lot more fucked up than I planned to and made the worst decision of my life. I don't remember how or why it happened, but I cheated on J with the girlfriend of one of my friends, I'll call him Ben. I was filled with guilt and regret in the morning, and have regretted it every moment since then. I knew I had to tell J and Ben what happened or else it would consume me, but I didn't know how to tell them. Before I could do anything, Ben's girlfriend told him and he completely shut me out. He called J and told her, and she broke down. She is a very sensitive person, and what I did broke her. What hurts me more than losing the girl of my dreams, is knowing how much I hurt her. I feel like a complete monster and I can never forgive myself. I have been trying to talk to J for 3 weeks now, giving her space when she needs it, telling her that I will do anything to show to her that she means the world to me, telling her that I can and will become a better person. We made slow progress towards fixing the situation, and we agreed that if I can prove that I care about her and that I deserve her, she might be able to accept me back. That gave me hope and I clung to that hope for a week, dedicating myself to showing her that I can be better. Until today. Today she told me we will not get back together. She says she still loves me, but she cannot and will not give all of herself to somebody again. I feel as though all joy and hope for a happy future has left my life, forever. I cannot ever see myself loving someone as I loved J. I am struggling to find a reason to keep living. Sure, I could have a 'good' life, but what is the point if I can not find happiness. I will live with this crippling guilt and regret for the rest of my life. I threw away a perfect life with the perfect girl for nothing. How can I forgive myself? I want to die and I want this pain to end, but I know that will hurt J and will hurt my family. Still, I lay in my room for 4 hours today just sobbing, unable to move, trying to decide if it was worth it to endure the overwhelming pain I feel now in order to keep the people I care about from feeling a similar pain. I do not know if it is. This pain is too much for me to bear alone, which is why I've come here. I have a feeling I know what people will tell me, that there are plenty of other girls out there, that this sadness will pass, and so on. But I truly do not see myself feeling happy or loving again, and that terrifies me. I've lost the one thing in my life that mattered to me and I need help."
"How do you cope with always being alone? I have no friends. My boyfriend is always gone because he works long hours. My only pet has a terminal illness that she's reaching the end stage of, and no one really talks to me besides my boyfriend. I always feel like crying and like I'm not worth anything.   How do you cope with always being alone?"
"Recently bought an engangment ring. How to pay off. As the title states, I recently purchased an engagement ring for my gf. I purchased it with my credit card. I have the funds in savings but paying it all off would mean depleting my savings. Is it smarter to pay it all off now and rebuild my savings or should I keep the savings in tacked and pay off my CC over the year?"
"Don't want to hurt anyone. I've been struggling with thoughts of suicide for about 2 to 3 years now. It started off as a flicker of depression when I was about 17, but it slowly turned from flickers to lasting hours and eventually weeks and months on end.   When I was 19, I decided it was time. I spent months rationalizing my decision-- one day I sat for a while, put on my favorite song one last time, and didn't say a single goodbye. This was my only attempt at suicide, and was cut short by images flashing in my head of my younger siblings walking into the bathroom and seeing my body sprawled out and lifeless.   At 20 now, I feel I can no longer shoulder the pain in fear of hurting my loved ones. I wish I could just be an island; secluded with no relations. I feel as though there's an immense weight on my shoulders to not commit suicide and I simply just want to let go. I find nothing but pain and suffering in my life. The small fleeting moments of happiness completely overshadowed by a baseless depression I can do nothing about. My behavior has been self destructive for quite some time now. I'm failing in school, I almost never seem to leave my room, my personal hygiene has gone out the window. I just don't care anymore. I just want everything to end. I don't want help, I just want everything to stop existing.   The only problem is my family. It would completely destroy my mother, and knowing the dynamic of my family it would completely tear them apart. I love them very much but cannot bear to ruin their lives because I don't see the point in mine. I wish I could get some uncurable disease like cancer so I would have some type of excuse to part ways with life.   There was really no point to any of this, but I just needed to get it out so I could soldier on just a little bit longer. For them."
"An American, a Canadian, a Dutchman, and an Irisman walk into a bar. They ask the barkeep, ""Do you know da wae?"""
"Need Help, Kicked Out I recently got kicked out of my house. I have a job but no place to stay. My friends are trying to help as much as they can but their parents aren't as helpful. I can only stay certain places for only a little while and I barely have any clothes. I haven't been able to bathe in over a week now and I have school. I'm a junior in High School and I'm 17. I have around $500 in my name. Any pointers on what I should do??"
"Charged Rent After I Moved Out (VA) At the end of November, I moved out of an apartment and into a condo I purchased. Since I was breaking my lease early, I had the option to either A) pay one month's rent to buy out the lease or B) for the duration of my lease, pay the difference between my rent and whatever the property management company re-rented the apartment for.  Since this was in early October, I was certain that the apartment would rent by the time my lease concluded, so I went with option B. Even if my apartment failed to rent, I would just switch to option A at the last minute and buy out the lease. This is what the property management company wants anyways; I was certain that they would let me switch. Ultimately it did not come to this as I was notified on October 11th that my apartment had rented and that I was off the hook.   &amp;#x200B;  Fast forward to today and I get an email from Credit Karma indicating that my credit score dropped. Curious, i opened up my account and found that my score had dropped 90 points. I start digging around and find that on December 18th, a new credit account was opened by the property management company under my name. Then on January 16th, that same property management company reported that my account was delinquent. I check my old payment account and sure enough, there is a $2,800 balance in there. At this point I want to reiterate that since I moved out, I have received zero correspondence from the property management company. Not even any automated ""payment due"" emails.  &amp;#x200B;  Next, I reached out to the property management company. In their response they indicated that while someone was supposed to move in in early December, they backed out at the last minute. The apartment has now sat vacant for the last month and a half. They acknowledge that they made an error in not notifying me and as such, they are willing to set me up on a payment plan to pay off my balance. How kind of them!  &amp;#x200B;  Here are my questions for you all:  1. On my lease termination contract, it clearly states that I am still responsible for paying the difference in rent if a new tenant backs out. Is this the trump card? 2. Is it legal for them to reopen an account under my name without notifying me? This seems like it could be classified as fraud or identity theft. 3. On the lease termination contract, it indicates that the property management company will make a reasonable effort to rent my apartment. What constitutes a reasonable effort? I checked the building website and the rate they have listed for my apartment is higher than what I was paying. Can I argue that they are deliberately listing the apartment above market value, knowing that rent is being paid regardless? 4. Similar to question 4 - the apartment went unlisted from mid-October until early December. Can I argue that they did not make a reasonable effort to rent my apartment during this time? Yes, I fully acknowledge that this is somewhat ridiculous given the reason that it was unlisted, but I'm just curious. 5. As indicated above, there was absolutely zero correspondence from the property management company from the day I moved out until today. Nor was there an automated email indicating that rent was due. For perspective, there was a rent reminder email on the last day of every month, another rent reminder email on the fifth (technically last day to pay before late fees), and another email every time a balance was posted to the account (e.g. for utilities). Is there a reasonable expectation that I receive an email alerting me that my account had a balance, especially considering the fact that an account was opened without my knowledge?  6. If I choose not to pay, what will happen to my credit? It has already dropped 90 points, can it drop any further? Maybe it's the cynic in me, but I don't even expect my score to improve even if I do pay this balance. Plus, I just bought a condo and I already own a car. I won't be taking out any loans for quite some time.   I'm not sure whether this makes a difference, but this apartment building is in Arlington County, Virginia and the property management group is one of the biggest shops in the area (i.e. they probably have a robust legal department).  Any help or advice that you can provide would be much appreciated!   &amp;#x200B;"
"My life is falling apart and I don’t know what to do anymore  Self harm and sexual abuse triggers  —————————————————————————  I was forced to come out to my family because someone I had told was going to out me. Ever since my parents have been looking at me differently, I’ll notice side glances, I feel like they wish I was straight. My sister has always been in my corner, even against our own parents. She’s always supported me, and I am so proud of how far she’s come in life.  If I can’t feel comfortable as myself around my parents, who can I then? I found respite in a relatively new friend. He and I relate on a lot of things. Ever since we started having serious conversations, we’ve become each other’s emotional dumping grounds. We’ve been kind of charging each other up into a big bomb, I don’t mind if I get caught in the explosion.  I look at our relationship and I know it isn’t healthy for either of us. You know how there are somethings you don’t talk about with people? We don’t have that, we can go from memes to our sexual traumas in less than 5 minutes. We kind of mesh in the least healthy way possible.   I’m an extremely anxious and depressed person, I’ll spend days on end locked in my room alone. I’m not going to air out my friend’s business because that’s not my place. We lock into each other like puzzle pieces. We’ve been openly plotting our suicides together. It feels great to talk about planning on dying without hearing “you’ve got your whole life ahead of you”, for context neither of us are even 19, neither of us are younger than 17.   I’ve noticed something about myself that’s kind of been eating at me lately. With how much time we spend talking to each other. I think I might be developing feelings for him? Idk, I’ve just been feeling so validated because someone finally listens to what i have to say without judging me. He makes my chest feel tight, and that upsets me. I know nothing can happen between us because neither of us will be alive long enough for something to flourish.   I just know that when my time comes, I’m going to shred my arm with my razor blades and fade out messaging him, if he’s still alive when I do it.  I fell back into cutting, and I’ve been fucking destroying my thighs over the last week after stealing a 100 pack of razor blades. My most recent cuts are from 10 minutes ago now. It’s developed into a sort of addiction I think. I’ll be moodier than usual all day because I’m looking forward to the night so I can lock myself in the bathroom and destroy my body without being interrupted. I’m literally planning my days around my release at night.   I tried to overdose recently, that puts me at attempt 3. I hope 4 is much more effective, because I’m tired of feeling empty.  Even before my family knew I was gay I was still the black sheep. Mainly because of my interests. I’ve always had an affinity for the occult and true crime. I feel like my parents focused more on my other siblings rather than me. My older brother was always screaming and trying to fist fight my dad, he would punch holes in walls and try to manipulate us. My younger sister got attention because she was the youngest. Because of my brother, loud noises and arguments freak me the fuck out.  I was unremarkable and I didn’t cause problems. So I guess I faded into the back while they took up their time.   I had to grow up fast and I feel like I was robbed of a childhood. I was molested by my cousin for years through my adolescence. Which fucked up my current sex life. I don’t like being touched in certain areas. Makes me cry and have anxiety attacks. It was happening like 30 feet away from my entire immediate family, always behind that same bush at my grandparents’ home. It’s not like she didn’t know that it was fucked up, she was old enough to know that fondling someone when they’re saying no is wrong. I still feel small when I think about it, I feel small and scared and helpless.   She still tries to text me, the last time I saw her was 8 months ago I believe. Nobody except for my friend knows what she’s done to me.   Typing that out made me want to slice the artery in my thigh.     Honestly the only good thing I’ve got so far this year is my friend. Maybe under different circumstances, if we weren’t so fucked up, maybe there could be something between us. It won’t happen now, if there’s an afterlife maybe things are better there.   I just, need him around while I am still here. I don’t know if I could be okay alone. I’m barely alright now, so I don’t know what I’d do without him.  My heart is breaking and I hate it, I shouldn’t feel this way for my friend. I want it to stop but I can’t make it.   Why do I feel this way"
"Cut toxic people out of your lives At the very least identify a toxic person, because that may either be them or you. If it's you, this may require a complete lifestyle change."
"Most depressed I’ve been in a long while So.. as the post states. This is the hardest I’ve been hit with depression in awhile. My girlfriend just left me about two months ago, she slept with my best friend, and kicked me out of our house we had together. I’ve taken to drinking, taking drugs, and crying myself to sleep every night. I’m just trying to numb the pain I guess? I was with her for almost ten years. She’s lied about me so much that all my friends, or now ex friends, despise me and I feel so alone in this world."
"My experience with social anxiety My social anxiety came out of nowhere I changed school during the holidays between year 7 and 8. First day at my new school I was quite excited despite not knowing anyone there, I was quite outgoing and confident with myself at this time.   The second I stepped through the doors I felt I was floating as my stomach knotted and I started to profusely sweat, I'd never had a panic attack before and didn't know I was having one so I walked around aimlessy for a couple minutes before just sitting in some random chair in the reception.  From that day I've struggled being around people and the way I handled it and sometimes still do isn't the best, I'd go completely silent not talk to anyone. This would carry on progressively getting worse until halfway through year 9 when I just refused to go. The school was very understanding with my situation and reffered me to CAMHS.  I was in a queue for a therapist for about a year and a half and by the third session he suggested putting me on medication, that was the last time I saw him, he pulled a Houdini on me. I was then put back in the queue for another year where I got another therapist.  I hated therapy it bored the hell out of me and I don't know if it's just be but a lot of therapist come across as really condescending with how they speak. After many sessions with this therapist he also suggested putting me on medication. Fast forward a month and I've been prescribed Fluoxetine (Prozac).  The Fluoxetine only really helped me get to sleep but that was good enough for me, I had a couple more therapy sessions but ultimately decided to call them off as I felt they weren't helping. Eventually the Fluoxetine stopped helping me sleep and wasn't doing anything for me so my psychiatrist suggested either upping my dosage or changing medication completely, I chose the latter and was then put on Sertraline.  The Sertraline helped wonders with my motivation, I started exersising and was quickly shedding the weight I gained from lounging around, around this time I turned eighteen and so I was let go from CAMHS and put under the care of my GP.  Unfortunatley the Sertraline started giving me unbearable chest pains and making me feel really sick so I stopped taking them and talked to my doctor. I am now on Mirtazapine and I'm not sure it's helping at all, but hey, what can you do?. Just gotta keep my head above water."
"How to defend my arguments I am very mild with defending my beliefs and points of view, while having in high esteem others'. I am very bad at confrontation, so I tend to avoid it, even if it means renouncing to say what I feel it needs to be said. Any advice on how to get better at it ?"
"Anxiety Going Out  Does anyone else get extreme anxiety when it comes to leisure time/weekends? Especially at places like bars and concert venues?   Ive really been dreading my free time and I cant figure out why.  Just to bring you up to speed. I (29m) had an extra special culty religious childhood complete with holier than thou private school through HS.  Was in a relationship for 7&amp;1/2 years with someone I deeply cared for thru college. She cheated on me with a rich guy who then went and cheated on her (she ended up with a bunch of sti’s) and now shes a stripper. Ive always been really shy and quiet, but after how completely betrayed I felt from that relationship Ive basically gone total hermit for the last 3 years. No relationships. No hookups. No new friends.   Ive tried to start going out more recently, but Im getting this massive anxiety block before and while Im out. Its incredibly intense.      I used to love concerts, but Ive tried many times recently to go to shows/live music events just to meet people/have a good time and I just lock up every time. I dont feel like I have anything to say to anyone and I feel uncomfortable just standing around. I show up and, no matter how much my tickets were or who is playing, after about 30 minutes Im looking for the door. Its been incredibly disappointing, and Ive missed a lot of artists shows (Ive paid for) that I like.   I feel like theres something wrong with me. People go out to sports stadiums, bars, concerts etc with their free time to have fun. Im lonely, so I try to go and participate, and the only thing I come away with is, “well this has been a huge fucking waste of my time.”   I get depressed and go home, and then I get depressed and anxious at home feeling like I need to go out, but knowing that It’ll just make me feel worse.   I dont know if its something I just need to adapt to because of my age or what. The older I get, the angrier and more bitterly hateful I become. I dont know whats wrong. I dont know what to do with myself now."
quick rant i don't know what to do anymore  i've never felt this alone in my life and i have so many people around me i just feel that if i ever do talk to them then i'll slowly sever our friendship because i'm so annoying  i don't know when my self worth got this low  i feel like such a burden all the time   i feel so lonely  i'm so tired of it...
"I’m not happy anymore and I’m not sure what to do.. Im not happy anymore. 2016-early 2017 was the best year of my life. Since then, half my friend group that was like family to me basically stopped talking to me and ive felt broken since then. I moved to the Adirondacks to go to school, and although im rooming with a good friend of mine, he’s making a ton of friends and im so scared to talk to people. I feel like everyone hates me. Im an Outdoor Recreation major, but i have like no experience and everyone in my classes have climbed multiple high peaks or climbed actual rocks before. I feel so behind and i feel like people look down on me. I feel like everything i do is wrong all the time and i feel so lonely.."
Stressed I feel like everything that could go wrong has been going wrong. I feel like every time i turn around there’s something else. Im so stressed with schoolwork and working full time and then all this extra shit on top of it along with the usual seasonal swing of depression. I never have time to get the things i need done done.   I guess i just really need to know if its always going to be like this. I just feel like I can’t catch a break and i just don’t see things getting better. I feel so alone and helpless. Is this just being an adult? Is this just life?
"Confession: I don’t shower very often For some reason, I find it REALLY hard to get myself to actually take a shower of my own free will. I usually end up showering once every two weeks, and I only do it then because someone else (like my dad) forces me to. Some people shower every single day!? That seems utterly ridiculous. I’ve been told that people can tell when your hair gets greasy or something just by looking at it, but I definitely cannot. I also can’t smell myself, so I never feel a real need to shower- only the fact that society commands it. I also feel like confessing that I don’t shower often enough is something that a lot of people would be grossed out by and yell at me for, so I don’t like mentioning it. Am I alone in this struggle? Does anyone here relate?"
"Second shoulder dislocation in 9 months healing faster than the first? Basically my shoulder dislocated 31 December, after dislocating in March the same year. This time the shoulder is less stiff and sore the next day? Does that mean my shoulders more loose now?"
"sensation of leaving the body While I was testing the Headspace night meditation mode this week, something strange happened, I lay down, I was in a comfortable position, after 5 minutes I felt my body sink, as if the bed was sucking me, like if i was  leaving my body... I was a little scared and I interrupted section.  &amp;#x200B;"
"POSITIVE POST: Medication success story I was in the worst possible state for a year - depressed, so anxious I didn’t sleep and if I did get an hour I would wake up with a sore neck from grinding my jaw. I had a whole host of other symptoms too and it destroyed my life - had to stop working and studying.  (Diagnosis is CPTSD and MDD)  Anyway, I was too anxious to start meds and had experimented with things like CBD and L-theanine. My diet and exercise regime was perfect but I wwwnt getting better in any sense, and so I eventually got to the point where I needed something to get by. I tried sleeping meds (zopiclone), seroquel (antipsychotic), and diazepham (for short term) but nothing helped my terrible anxiety.   Eventually I agreed to try sertraline (Zoloft), and I couldn’t be happier. I started on 25 for 2 days as was anxious, then took 50mg for a month. Had immediate positive effects and sleep improved within a week. Upped it to 75mg and I’m able to sleep, I’m relatively relaxed and barely any negative side effects. I just sweat a bit more and am a bit tired, but I can’t tell if that’s just the depression.  Anyway, I went from a place of absolute darkness and isolation and constant suffering to a place where I am able to gradually get my life back on track. I still have to remember to exercise and eat right because a pill won’t fix everything, but it helped the anxiety more than I could have asked for.  Note: medication works differently for everyone and only take what your doctor recommends. I hope you do find something that works for you though, because I believe no amount of therapy would have cured my state. (Hopefully I will get therapy in future though alongside the meds)  Best wishes to you all x"
I'm seriously so anxious and terrified anout going on a date for the first Time that im about to cry! Help -------original post---------  I went out with this guy last night. I have never been with a guy and we had just met a few hours earlier. We went to a club as a group. The guy and I were talking and he kissed me on the cheek and then he kissed me on the lips. Everything was just happening so fast and I got freaked out and ran away from him and went home.  My friend texted me and asked if the three of them could come over. They will be here in an hour and I'm just really nervous and anxious about seeing him again. I do like him a lot and would like to date him.  -------update-------  They came over. At first I mostly just talked to my friend and he was kind of distant. I eventually asked him if he wanted to come outside on the porch and smoke a cigarette with me. I told him I was sorry and that everything was just happening so fast. I didn't want to tell him I have never been with a guy before but I did eventually tell him. He said he understood and agreed it was probably too soon to be kissing. I told him I like him a lot and want to go out with him. He asked if I wanted to go out tonight and I said yes.  Now we are going out tonight alone and I'm very scared. I'm not scared of him I just don't know how to act around guys. Plus I'm very boring and don't know what to say.  How should I act tonight? Like what should we talk about. What should we do? I'm not going to dress up all fancy or anything. I just want to wear what I normally wear and put on a little more makeup than usual.  Ugh what should I do? How do I calm down?
"Tired of being jealous and depressed I get jealous and resentful of little things because I’m fucking insecure; I try so hard not to get jealous but it still eats me alive sometimes. Ive been tired of being me for a long time, and I get a sense of dread thinking about how for the rest of my life I’ll be stuck in my body and mind. Hate feeling like I don’t fit in in this world."
"And I am tiredI struggle for essentially nothing. I keep pushing myself regardless but nothing really changes. I work out, meditate..try to eat right but nothing changes even when it does bc ultimately yea its all for nothing. I do not think Ill ever get over the fact regardless of being sick. Its all so pointlessnearly impossible to value anythingall amounts to nothing more than a distraction from suffering..seemingly all there isnothings worth the bother. Its hard not to see death as the only answer bc I have tried and things do not get better.just distractions, prolonging the inevitableIll always be tired It is like playing pretend"
"Constant Post Nasal Drip Hey do any of you guys suffer from this? I seem to have a constant irritated throat from this and it's driving me mad... Because it doesn't seem to be going away I'm thinking it might be something more serious.   Also seem to have a bit of acid reflux with this too, not sure if it's connected..."
Idk life is just getting harder and harder tbh I might end it all soon I been feeling worse
"Backdoor IRA How can I structure my investments so that I can maximize the amount of money I put into tax sheltered accounts?  I know that I can put $19,000 in my 401k and $6,000 in my Roth IRA to total $25,000 in retirement accounts for 2019.   I know there is a “backdoor IRA” strategy that allows you to put more money into a tax sheltered accounts. Can someone explain how this works and how much you can contribute per year?"
"Birthday blues Hi everyone. Today is my birthday.  I'm 26. I'm sick and it's been snowing. I had a panic attack last night driving in the snow to pick up my husband from work. I've been alone all day. I feel immense pressure to be happy, to have a plan to, to get dressed up, to be pretty and fun.  My husband won't be home till 9:30 I'm not sure if he remembered today is my birthday as we can't text due to lack of cell service here in the mountains. I just got back from a visit home which was mostly good as I saw friends whom I love dearly. My time with my mom felt forced. She called to say happy birthday and I couldn't answer. Unsure what to do-rest more and chalk it up to the come down from vacation and this 2 week long flu or have a shower pit on music and get my hopes up about maybe doing something tonight. I was thinking I would just make curry or something so that my husband has dinner when he gets home. I was feeling inspired earlier today after my work meeting but as of now I just wish I was asleep. I hope this is ok to post here."
"Anybody else going to throw it out there how lonely they are on Valentine’s Day? I had valentines from 20-22 when my sa was manageable. Currently 28, been single for 6 years, feel hopeless about dating, and am drinking alone. The positive from this is I’m content being alone and I haven’t had a panic attack in 2 years. (Knock on wood) . I feel I’m just a late bloomer and when it comes, it comes."
"I’m finally going to try to be seen for my mental health...finally So yesterday I posted something in another subreddit. I’ve had many tipping points where I was thinking “I can’t keep living like this, I need HELP”, and that was just one of many moments.   So I got on the phone today with my doctor and I scheduled an appointment to be seen. The last time I tried to get help about my mental health, I was dismissed as being anxious about graduating high school. I was skipping school for weeks at a time and I told the doctor this, but she didn’t think I needed to see anyone else about it. Well...I did. I’m still failing at school and all I want to do is get my degree. I feel like I’m failing at virtually EVERYTHING, including simply looking and acting like a normal human being. It sucks and I can’t stand it anymore. No one should have to live like this.   I’m afraid that I’ll get there and they won’t want to help me again. That I’ll continue living life barely holding on until I eventually die. I won’t get my degree, I won’t make any friends, I’ll never get married. I’ll just live the rest of my life in this shell I’m in and it’s horrifying. I can’t wait for July 9th to come."
"I’m really afraid right now I think my attacker knows where I live TW: sexual violence, assault - - - - - - - - Eight years ago someone anally raped me, used an object to hurt my vagina so that vaginal sex would be painful, and tried to drown me when I went to the police.  Now I just bought something from a clothing store online and it shipped from the exact place he works and i’m afraid he knows where I live. I take sleeping pills every night because I’ll be too panicked to sleep otherwise, my window in my room is on the ground floor I don’t know what to do. I know he maybe didn’t see my address or name but if he did there’s nothing I can do to protect myself"
"Mirtazapine: My friend is scared of taking it, any advice/experience? My friend is struggling with severe anxiety and panic attacks and has been prescribed mirtazapine, but she's really scared of taking it and having bad side effects/suicidal thoughts, any advice or previous experience that could help her?"
"I miss you This life without you is not worth it. If you see this, Melanie, I miss you. I didn't want to hurt you, okay? You helped me through so much, and I wouldn't be alive if you hadn't shown up. I owe you my life, but I doubt you value it anymore.   Please just talk to me, say anything. Kill me already. Insult me. Do whatever you want. I just need interaction.  I know you will read this. I hope I'll be dead by then. Everything seems alright to everyone else, I've been laughing. In the end it's just fake. I'm fake. Everyone's fake.  ""I'm not living, I'm just killing time. Your tiny hands, your crazy kitten smile. Just don't leave.""  If I could just end the world I'd do it right now."
"Now what? I don't usually like to talk about my personal life but I have very few people in my life I can talk to, so here I am.I \[25F\] have been with my boyfriend \[26M\] for almost 7 years. We started dating in school and now he's working/ I'm still studying. We were long distance for the first 6 years of our relationship but recently he moved to the city I live in. He is an extremely good person and I know he loves me but what I am struggling with is his way of approaching the future. I respect his opinions and I do understand where he is coming from. But like I said it's hard. He doesn't want to think about the future and just wants to focus on now. He doesn't want us to make plans for after I finish college because we can't predict what will happen. He also said that maybe when I move back we shouldn't live together (which was the original plan) so that we could have time experiencing being a normal couple after being apart for so long. I sometimes wonder if I am wasting time because I want to know that I have a future with him. I keep flipping between understanding him to feeling devastated/ rejected. We are doing long distance again at the moment and I think that is contributing to how I feel. But what do I do? To me he is 'the one' and I want to be with him always, I just wish he thought that way too.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR In a long term relationship but partner doesn't want to make long term plans."
"How did you meet your SO?  I have depression and social anxiety, I don’t go out and I have no friends. I’m baffled sometimes when I hear that someone with social anxiety/depression has a SO - I mean no offense, it just seems so impossible when I think about it for me. I can’t imagine anyone ever being attracted to me, and I honestly think I’ll never be in a relationship ever. I can’t even interact normally with people, much less with a love interest. How can someone like me find a way out?"
"When did you realize there was an issue with your dietary habits? I didn't realize it when I got the diagnosis, when I was sat down by a doctor, when I got pulled out of public school over my permanent conditions.  It took me reading an article on some gov or org website for an assignment I still had to complete for health class. I had chosen the topic months prior. I read through the symptoms, that's when I realized. Something wasn't right. When was your moment?"
"What should I (M15) do after my (F15) crush agrees to go out? I've known this girl for about a year at my school, and we get along really well. We aren't in the same class but we hang out during break with her friends and my friends. I haven't asked her out yet, but I'm pretty sure she will accept because her friends had told me she also has a crush on me. This is my first relationship.   I'm not worried about actually asking her, but i have literally *no clue* what to do as soon as she accepts! Should I arrange a date? Should I hug her or would that be weird? I'm obviously going to be myself, but should I spend more time with her than with my friends, and when do we hold hands, and kiss?   If you need anymore Info just ask my in the comments, *any advice* would be greatly appreciated!!  &amp;#x200B;  tl;dr I'm going to get my first girlfriend, but what then?!"
"My son's girlfriend wants to come and live with me. My son Danny is 14. He lived with me up until the age of 11 until he went to live with his father. His dad is from quite a different background to myself, much more well off and could afford to provide the best possible education.   Although he was sent to a very good private boys school, Danny eventually got frustrated with living with his father and asked to come back and live with me, which he has been doing for the last eight months and has been attending the local school.   Danny has a girlfriend called Lucy. She's from the same sort of background as Danny's dad. Parents very well off and also attends a prestigious girl's school. She has come and stayed with us a few times and is absolutely lovely. Very smart and pretty, and wants to be a lawyer when she's older. Her parents are in the same social circles as his father which is how they met.   Danny and Lucy don't get to spend much time together since her family live miles away. The last time she was here, she told me that she wants to live here with Danny, move to the school he goes to etc, and was wondering if it were possible. Apparently her parents are extremely controlling and pressuring (much like Danny's dad), and are also cold because they wanted a boy so they could ''continue the family line'' and have always resented her for that.   I was pretty floored and was sure that this was just teen hormones talking. I'd be happy to have her since she's lovely, but the problem is we're basing this off a teenage relationship. Don't get me wrong, I've seen them together and I know these two adore each other, but we all know teenage relationships don't always work out, which would make things awkward if she's living with us.   More importantly there is all the legal stuff to it. I'm sure her parents would fight it if I tried to become her guardian. I'm not even sure what the process to becoming a guardian is in the UK, but I'm sure it will be a thousand times more difficult if her parents are fighting it (especially as I don't doubt they can afford much better lawyers than me).   A more minor point: Lucy moving here would mean a big lifestyle change for her. I make a decent income and can afford to live comfortably, and could probably afford one more mouth to feed, but Lucy has lived in the lap of luxury since she was born. Danny, at least, spent his formative years here and so when he moved back here it was just returning to normal rather than a jarring change. Lucy is used to a very different lifestyle to me. I've been out shopping with her, and while she's never been snobby or rude, she was genuinely surprised that I buy clothes from the supermarket. She and her parents have only ever gone to high end stores, and the kind of clothes she wears every day just aren't what I can afford on a regular basis. She gets driven practically everywhere which I certainly can't do with my work commitments. She's also always been to schools with people from her sort of background. We live in a fairly open minded community, but I'm worried that Lucy won't make many friends here because there won't be many people she has a lot in common with. I'm just concerned that Lucy might have a miserable time here and grow to resent me and Danny for it.    Danny himself is all for it, but then what 15 year old boy doesn't want his girlfriend living with him. I'm not against it but would need some more info first.  Anyone have any advice regarding this?"
"Trigger Warning: Sexual Assault I’ve tried to type this for three hours now.. I’ve shut off after this. Two years ago I was sexually and given an STD ( one I got rid of during my kit) that made me attempt my life and caused a two week stay in treatment. I tried to take legal action to be told “ No doesn’t always mean no, how was he supposed to know.”  Tonight my close friend stopped by my work as I was leaving which I found odd.   I really can’t get myself to type what happened because no one should have to ‘deal’ with this.   Statistically saying it’s my fault now. First time shame on you.. kind of thing. Why me?   Like when I was bullied and asked the girl from 8th grade why, “ I don’t know, it’s just you.”   I’m not sure I’ll make it through this one.... I didn’t deserve this life."
"A question about your parents and if they pushed you beyond your means Fuck this is hard to ask....My dads autistic at least that’s what my parents and uncle tell me.  Well he died last week and I’ve been sitting here at my uncles house trying to figure out how he worked because bonding and relating to him was something I was never able to do.  He got worse with old age like as if he was stuck in an infinite loop of some sort.  Talking with my mom she pointed out he changed most after me and my brother were born as if the pressures of children threw him off his routine and it was too hard.    Sitting here with my uncle kinda got the same thing his parents were popular in the military community and they had a desired fit in They described it and this being the 1950’s someone with autism was just odd imagine as in there wasn’t a label.... my aunt even said his parents when they were younger routinely pushed him out of his comfort zone join the military, get a job, buy a house,  get married, have kids. She theorized him just being him and left to his means and desires was his comfort zone. What ever time there was when things were a certain way he was comfortable with I imagine. Those changes that are a natural part of life yet are uncomfortable at times were hard on him and made his life difficult. For folks who are like this would you say that is accurate? Is it difficult to change a routine and do you feel pressure or difficulty’s when it changes?  My apologies if I’m wording anything wrong or being insensitive but my dads gone I miss him and I could never figure out who the hell he was I’m sure there are things I could’ve done better as a son as well and I wish I had tried to figure that out. But if I can. Abe understand him better as a person then maybe I honor his memory better I dunno....."
There's nothing left in life for me. What's the point of living if my entire life is going to be a game of catch up?  I can't enjoy life because anything not working towards a career is wasted time.  I can't be proud of my accomplishments because I'm years behind.  There's no winning move here. Either I live my mediocre life knowing that it's mediocre or I end my life right now and save everyone the time.
"Possibly divorcing but will have to be roommates. Looking for advice from others in similar situations. I (25F) am considering divorcing my husband (25M). We have been married 5 years and have one child (2F) together. We bought a house 2 years ago. I am considering divorce because I feel he is a different person after separating from the military. He pays the majority of the house bills right now because I pay our health insurance which is $700/month, along with a few other smaller Bill's, and I only work part time while going to school. I have maybe 100 bucks to spend every two weeks and that goes to gas and food. With that being said if I were to divorce my husband we have previously semi seriously talked about being roommates for the sake of our child. I would rather not but I cannot afford anything else and I have 2 more years of school left. Im looking for advice or just someone who can relate and tell me about their experience having to live with an ex spouse after divorcing. I am also wondering about Texas laws on getting financial help technically being a single parent but sharing a home with the father. Any input is appreciated."
"In Need I've been feeling like a zombie here lately. I feel like I'm at my lowest, anyone else out there feel the same?"
"I am just so tired of myself and the fact that I will never be what my family wanted. I have already accepted it long ago and I know I cannot change who I am, but it still hurts. I still cannot stop comparing myself to other people my age which always makes me feel like worthless trash. I just feel so unlovable and like I should not even be alive. I am tired of the never ending pressure."
"Adult child of divorce. This is such a frustrating situation. Background, parents divorced into my twenties. Ok... got back together and separated again. Got significant others, almost got back together, didn’t. Dad met someone online who lived with him and leached for a year, mom is with this guy for two. He’s all right. He keeps her happy anyway.   They hate each other. I am parent to the only grandchildren. I see mom regularly. Dad I used to. Until I asked him to stop talking badly about my mom to me. For example, bringing up her name and insulting her when we weren’t even talking about her to begin with. He gets mad. Says I don’t understand. I reply that he’s right, but that he doesn’t understand my spot either. He says leave me alone.   Fast forward. I have boys on baseball teams. I invite him to each game. He says no. Or ignores me. Then tells my brother he misses the kids. I’m so tired of crying over this. And if it weren’t for the kids, it would be easier to accept. It sucks. I can’t even fathom writing my kids off. Especially for this.   Not sure what I’m looking for here. I guess all I can do it NOT ever put my kids in that position. Thanks for listening if you’re still here."
"Tips for avoiding compulsive spending? So I know that overspending and compulsive spending are symptoms of BPD but I haven’t talked about it much with my therapist. My symptoms surrounding relationships are much more severe and I recently left and abusive relationship so we’ve been focusing heavily on that.   But I just came into $1,600 unexpectedly and the compulsion to spend it on unnecessary stuff is almost overwhelming. My original plan was to spend $150 on a tattoo as an indulgence and save the rest. But because the tattoo appointment isn’t for 10 days, I haven’t experienced that rush you get from spending money and having the item immediately.   I need to save this money. I need to move and buy school books in July, my car might need repairs, etc. But I’m struggling. I want to buy purses and clothes and fancy pens and nice-smelling soaps. What strategies have people used to curb compulsive and unnecessary spending?"
"Best deadlift variation for Fitness. Let’s assume we are talking about a non-competing individual...somebody with no plans to compete in powerlifting or body building:    Comparing Sumo Deadlift to Conventional Deadlift, which style do you feel will give the greatest benefits toward hypertrophy/mass building.   TL/DR.  What best deadlift for BIG?"
"For a while my depression was ""dormant"" in a sense? For a few months I was not seeing the effects and I just was not feeling like shit all the time. For the past few weeks, however, its been horrible and unmanageable and the tole it takes on my body just makes me feel even *more* depressed.I am losing alot of weight, stress acne, my hygiene is horrible, I cannot find the motivation to fix my nails or unbraid my hair, several red patches all over my skin from scratching from the anxiety brough on, scars, etc. I feel ugly and I do not even recognize myself in the mirror (when I get the courage to look). My friends want to hangout with me soon and I do not know if I can bring myself to leave my house. Aside from not wanting to ruin everyone is mood I also look as shitty as I feel. I am going to feel humiliated if I step out of my house like this, especially since my friends are all so well dressed and pretty. This fucking sucks. Depression taking a tole on my physical appearance is the cherry ontop of this shit pile."
"My mom’s (45F) bitterness over the divorce from my dad (41M) has caused me (18F) a lot of grief and stress over the years My dad met another woman when I was 11 y/o, and although I’m not too clear on the details (partly because of how young I was, but also because my parents have told different versions) it ended with a divorce and my dad moved in with his new girlfriend (Bethany). I have since then lived mostly with my mom, only staying with my dad every other weekend. This was due to a court order, because my mom tried to get sole custody of me but the family court didn’t think it was right. (I’m not native english so not 100% certain about some legal terms)   I did resent my dad for what he did, but I still loved him and wanted to have a good relationship with him. He has been apologetic ever since and made it clear there’s no excuses for what he did but he loves me, so we’ve done our best over the years to mend the relationship. But it has been hard for my mom (understandably) because the bitterness and resentment has really lingered, always talking shit about my dad. I’m sure any redditor here from a broken home can testify that it’s really hard to deal with your parents talking shit about the other, and you end up having to tiptoe around in any conversation, making sure you don’t accidentally mention the other parent or (god forbid) their new boyfriend/girlfriend.   All hell broke loose though when I was 16 and Bethany got pregnant. My mom just couldn’t cope with them having a baby and she had to see a psychiatrist to get help. I’d say up until now most of the resentment from my mom had been directed towards my dad, but when Bethany got pregnant all of that got projected at her instead. My mom would use several profanities about how “promiscuous” Bethany was and then she’d get upset with me if I didn’t immediately agree with her trash talking.    “You know your dad isn’t gonna want you around any longer once the baby arrives” my mom would constantly tell me, which my dad disputed. I was hurt that my mom would even suggest such a thing, but I never really argued against her.    I felt rather… indifferent about having a sibling though, tbh. I want to believe I was happy for their sake but also uncertain how the future would be with the new baby. I think my dad sensed my concern though as he would overcompensate and shower me with gifts. But in the end I got a little sister and remember how surprisingly happy I felt as I held her the first time (and terrified of course because OH MY GOD IT’S A BABY I’M GONNA BREAK IT!).    But my mom absolutely refused to acknowledge that she was my half-sister, going so far as to call her “Bethany’s kid”. This ended up being a long and tiresome period where my mom would constantly stalk Bethany on social media and criticize her parenting. Not through comments, but IRL to me and all her friends. There were so many fights between me and my mom following this but the one that really put a thorn in our relationship was when my sister was gonna turn 1 y/o and I wanted to attend her birthday party, but it wasn’t my dad’s weekend so I asked my mom if it was okay anyway. This started a tirade about what an ungrateful, selfish, stuck up daughter I was while my mom furiously packed together a suitcase for me and kicked me out. She was remorseful a few hours later and begged me to come back home (which I did) but it still hurt.  There is so much more I could write but I hope I’ve offered enough to give insight on my family situation. Although it was my dad who did the unthinkable and hurt my mom, she is the one who has been giving me the most grief and stress over the years… I simply don’t enjoy spending time with her, it’s emotionally exhausting. I’m moving out this summer to attend college in a different town, and I may sound like an awful daughter for saying this, but I’m actually looking forward to getting away from her. I don’t know how our relationship is going to improve, as every time I have tried to discuss this with her it ends up with her crying and going on self pity rants.    TL;DR: Dad cheated on mom, got divorce, moved in with his new girlfriend and started a family. My mom has never emotionally recovered from the divorce and it has made our relationship strained. I want it to improve but uncertain how."
"Seeking Advice I’m a second year teacher and right now, I’m feeling pretty blah. We just had our October break two weeks ago and since then, it’s been a slow decline. I felt it before break but it’s just gotten worse. I love my location, my colleagues, and even my wild high school students but I just feel so empty inside. I have hobbies, and I’m part of different groups but I just struggle to muster up the energy to want to go to school. After school ends, I have no motivation to do anything else. Does anyone else feel like this? How can I escape this feeling of wanting to quit my job that is actually pretty good."
"So here I am, alone, with everything a human being could need to keep him/herself going, but feeling as hollow as a drained coconut.  I did it, I 'succeeded' in life; I got a permanent full-time job, a mortgage, no debt, copious savings, food in my belly, a bed to sleep in... Yet here I am ruminating on the prospect of ending it all.  Led a charitable life? Doesn't matter, once you're dead you'll soon be forgotten. Lived a long life? Chances are your family wants you out of their hair already. I'm constantly told that your life isn't defined by your demeanor, but by your actions, however, does any of it matter when we'll all end up the same way? A cold, lifeless shell - either turned to ashes or voraciously feasted opon by insects. Been reading this far? To be fair it's not terribly long for a swan song, but by now you must be asking:  ""Why do you want it all to end when you have a comfortable life?"" The answer is simple, I'm tired of the rat race, the constant strutting and attempts to 'leave your mark' on the earth. It generates stress and its all for nothing. Finally, to the good natured of you, don't worry for me, I'm not at the stage of actually making an attempt on my own life. I'm just having strong feelings.  I pray that the medication returns me to my mental faculties with haste. I can't even remember the relative bliss of thinking straight."
I give up I'm tired of trying. It seems like the more I try the more I push people away. It seems like I'll never get my happy ending but why should I? I dont deserve it I dont deserve to be happy. The world is better off without me.
"Herding sheep. A sheep herder is watching his dog herd all their sheep into a pen.  The dog finishes and says ""Master, I've got all 30 sheep in the pen"".  The man looks at the sheep, then back to the dog and says ""but I only count 26"".  The dog says ""I know, I rounded them up""."
"Does anyone else laugh out load to themselves when they have a particularly depressing thought pop up in their head? I can’t help but let out a little laugh to myself whenever I think about something too depressing or problematic. It’s not usually consciously it’s more of a reflex now, kinda like a way of masking the pain with a thin layer of humour and pretending that it’s not really eating me up inside or that I don’t know what to do with it."
"Combating my depression with a plan to kill myself in the future. I am combating my depression with a plan to kill myself in the future.  Has anyone else experienced this and how do you get out of this loop?  Background:  I am a 30 year old man, diagnosed with PTSD, Major Depressive Disorder, OCD, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  I quit my career of 8 years to help resolve my depression.  It worked, for a while.  Within 2 months, my wife told me she resented me for not working.  I planned to go back to school (grad school), but  I failed to complete my applications in time.  I feel pathetic, but I was too anxious to send emails to my old professors asking for letters of recommendation.  Within 4 months, my wife stopped speaking to me and started not coming home at night.    Five months in, my wife told me to leave. I went overboard and left the country, working a foreign temp job for a month.  Thus, in July 2019, I started applying to full-time jobs all over the world and far too many to count.  I have been to interviews all over too.  I´m awkward and have autistic tendencies,  out of maybe 10 interviews, no job offers.    Money (credit) is nearly out, I am using my retirement savings.  I am living in my car, tent, hostels, sometimes hotels.  I haven´t had a home since June 2019.      I feel okay(-ish), because my ""plan"" is I will kill myself when I run out of money.  I feel ashamed of this dichotomy.  I am understanding that the fact that I haven´t killed myself is because I plan to kill myself, which in turn, helps me wake up in the morning."
"Survived rape and sexual abuse — now I let guys treat me like trash and let them do whatever they want? I’m currently stuck in this self destruct mode and have been hyper sexual. But even though I had lots of past sexual trauma happen to me, I’m letting men do whatever to me sexually. Maybe I’m thinking I deserve it. The way I’ve been handling my life and my BPD, I do feel like trash."
"I’mgoing to fail. Need help. So idk if this is the place for this since technically I’m bipolar, but I’m hugely depressed right now and I don’t know where to turn. My family is sick of my mental illness sh*t but I need to get this out somehow.   I have boards coming up in a week that I need to study for. If I don’t pass these boards I can’t work and I can’t pay off the &gt;$100k I have in student loan debt. But I can’t study. I can’t focus. I can’t absorb anything. I can’t even bring myself to open a textbook and I’m just lying on the floor sobbing because I’m going to fail. My antidepressant stopped working and I don’t have a therapist and anyway my boards are in a week and that’s not enough time for any medication to start working.   Does anyone have tips on how to study with depression? Flashcards don’t work. I don’t have access to a study room or a whiteboard. I have notebooks but I cannot possibly rewrite two years of notes in a week. I’ve been trying to study for a month—a month!—and nothing has stuck. And I don’t know if I’ll survive failing these boards. I’m not suicidal yet, but I just....I know where I’m headed. Does anyone have any advice? Any help at all?"
"I'm confused I'm 2 weeks shy of being 20 years old and currently unemployed.   I've recently started looking for work and it has become more and more apparent that I don't know if I have any ambitions, passions or motivations in my life.   All I feel is a ever growing feeling of dread and dismay and I don't know why.   My parents know this and tell me that all they want is for me to be happy whilst scolding me for spending to much time consuming media. (I play videogames around 2-8 h a day, the rest of the day I help cleaning the house or other errands they need me to do) I know that their intent is nice and they really do want what's best for me, I just don't they do/are able to understand. My dad is a little old fashioned and my mom usually end up having to defend me. (She works with high school students that have physical disabilities so she's usually very understanding and supportive) ZX p These feelings have been in my life for the last 4 years and it's coming to a point that I don't know if I will be able to function if these feelings keep growing.   I have friends but still feel alone, when I'm feeling happier I don't know if what I'm feeling is happiness or a substitute. Everything feels like a void, like everything is supressed or muffled.  I'm feel confused and I don't know if what I'm feeling is normal or not. I have not been diagnosed with anxiety and I'm sorry if this is the wrong subreddit for this type of post, I just felt like I had to get this of my chest.   I guess I'm just confused, I don't know what feelings are supposed to feel like or how I'm supposed to navigate this vast world.   I don't know why I feel like typing this, if it is to ask if I should get help or if that would just waste someone's time. The days feels like they're are flying by and I've lost control. I just want to stop and recollect myself.  Thanks for reading my post.  TL;DR  Just me rambling about my feelings, nothing interesting or important."
"HELP!!! Constant nervous pit in my stomach for 3 years (20/m) Ever since a break up I had 3 years ago, I have not been able to shake this constant nervous pit in my stomach. Sometimes it’s really bad, sometimes its not so bad. It’s the worst when I wake up everyday and it’s a little better once I go to sleep. But nonetheless it’s still there and I have just become numb to it. (I think I had a bit of a pit in my stomach before the breakup but not nearly as bad as it is now. Also, I have been able to get over this breakup and don’t know why it still causes this anxiety 3 years later.)  I have also always had trouble with OCD since my freshman year in HS. However, ever since this breakup I have experienced pure o where everything is in my head. And this has been a lot worse. I’ve experienced homosexual OCD, health anxiety, harm OCD, and a plethora of others.   I have been seeing a therapist for the last year and a half who has been able to help me stop ruminating for my pure o. However, I’m probably going to find someone else, as he has not done any ERP/CBT with me to help me further.  I am not looking for reassurance of any sorts. I am just looking for pure advice on how to combats this. If anyone has ever experienced this constant nervous pit in there stomach and has gotten over it please tell me exactly what you did. I’m also not looking to take any medication at the moment."
"Are there any apps that really work for depression? Does anyone know any good apps that could help someone with mild depression?  I can't afford therapy and I can't work my way through an entire book, even though I'm told there are many good ones.  The apps I've tried mostly just make me log my mood and give some basic tips. I haven't found anything that helpful yet. The meditation podcasts seem to help a little bit in the moment but I don't think they're helping me address the cause of my depression.  Would be really grateful if anyone could recommend any good apps or easily accessible resources.  Thank you :)"
"Tired and in this weird fugue state I'm tired of trying to be what I'm not, which is ""worth it"" to anyone.  Best I've ever been able to approximate is disposable cash machine.  I'm worth it to my mom (what's left of her) so I'm going to wait that one out, I really can't take her perceived future from her like that.  I can think of one other person in this world that might consider me worth it but I doubt it, one of the kids that I helped might.  Maybe.  Doubtful at this point.  I'm tired of being a mule and a means to an end for people that don't think, and just toxic and barely tolerated by those who do think.  To the point they'd rather be in a relationship with what I'm positive is a narcissistic bipolar meth addict, I've seen enough of them in my day to recognize one at 300 yards.  No... that's not even accurate.  If there was literally no one but me they'd choose no one.  If the option was death or me they'd choose death.  This is just one in a long line of attempts that make me realize my options are people that use me or nothing.  I choose nothing.  And I'd go for blind hedonism at this point, it's the usual cycle when I come to this realization (yet again... and again... and again), but I wonder how long that will last before I just realize what I'm doing.  Not long, this time, I rather suspect."
"I fear becoming mentally ill I'm afraid I'll go crazy at some point. I have pretty bad anxiety and when the slightest of things go wrong I start thinking about becoming mentally ill.  The way it's portrayed im media makes me think I'll become a physcopath, when I'm aware that's not true at all.  Two that scare me the most is Bipolar disorder and Schizophrenia. The thought of hearing voices you aren't sure are real are not terrify me.  When I do something out of tje ordinary, think something I should be thinking..  Ding Ding Ding  I think about mental illness.  I'm aware of how stupid I am when I think lile this and just tell myself I'm overreacting but I fear being shipped away to a mental hospital or an insane asylum.    How can I stop this? I know people with mental illness arent scary and really can't control it. I know mental hospitals don't strap you down for hours on end or have the one evil doctor you always see in those movies that purposely try to make it worse.   All I know is that what I'm thinking is just silly, and I'm pretty sure I'm just overreacting."
"I post to places because I need the truth *I* can never see my true shape or size, so... having others comment and trying to see what they see really helps me."
Why am I on Abilify/Aripiprazole I was taking Lexapro for about a month and my psychiatrist prescribed me abilify on top of the lexapro..... why?
Constant anxiety about health problems Does anyone else deal with this? I honestly believe that WebMD is the bane of my fucking existence.
Masters degree before teaching I am a college student about to receive my associates degree in May and I am going to work on my bachelors degree starting this Fall. I was wondering if I should continue and get my Masters or if I should go right into teaching after getting my Bachelors? What are your experiences or advice you have?
"Constant Fear of Being Fired I sometimes make some dumb small mistakes at work, never anything catastrophic, but I've been told by my bosses to keep an eye on that kind of thing. I've gotten a little better, but it sometimes still happens and when it does I get 100% convinced I'm going to be let go. I'll start job searching, calculating unemployment, the whole 9 yards. It's almost like I'm addicted to the relief I get when it doesn't happen. Any suggestions? Can anyone relate?"
"i’m so confused about what’s normal bc like some days i’ll eat the right amount and feel so shit about it and feel like i’m binging, but then when i restrict i’m like happy and feeling good and then randomly some days my self esteem just crashes and i either restrict completely or like eat and i can’t tell if i’m being disorders or i’m eating right or enough or ah"
"Just got ddosed. Is there anything I can do? Was playing rainbow with my pals and got placed with some booters. We join their party and my friends start talking trash. These guys invite their booter friend and he tell us our ip’s, what city we live in, and our internet providers. He then boots us all (excluding me because I wasn’t talking trash) and we were all back online within 2 mins. Should I do something or just let it slide?"
"Wrongful PI arrest? Hi all! I was arrested for public intoxication a couple of weeks ago and I will have court soon, and am unsure of whether or not I did anything illegal.  I deal with a lot of suicidal ideation and much too frequently have crises that result in my hospitalization. In this instance I called a local hotline in Texas because I was feeling very overwhelmed and wanting to take my life. My plan was to drink so that I could more easily follow through with my objective. The police did find an open container near me, and commented that I smelled like I had drank a lot more than 3 beers (I hadn't, also the first beer was hours before aswell) and then they took me to jail and never attempted to confirm my bac. In jail one of the officers said that she thought I wouldn't have been in the park if not for drinking, she thinks it caused my episode. That's not true, and my therapist could even corroborate that because I told her about my plan before I acted on it. Retrospectively I don't seen why they would forgo a breathalyzer unless they thought I might not actually be drunk.  The fine was waived but I really want the whole thing to go away. Did I do anything illegal? Were the police in the right? Do I need legal assistance?  If any more information is required I will provide it, sorry if i forgot something. Thanks for the help guys."
"i couldn't support my country because of social anxiety today there was a protest organized by my college students, to support the overall protests in my country which are demanding to change the government because of its corruption. i had so much motivation and ambition to go there and participate for a greater good.  i arrived there and saw the students gatherings, and immediately felt anxious, i was alone as i don't have friends but i said it's going to be alright. i held myself to stay there and protest. i kept feeling more and more anxious, it was social anxiety or something like that. i kept trying to be with everyone, i walked with them toward a nearby square where they were making loud appeals and protesting. i collapsed there, i was breathing hard and ended ordering a taxi and going back home.  i cried so much on my way home. i questioned everything about my life and was contemplating how hard is it going to be to continue the rest of my life when i am like this.   i felt that i am not normal and that i am flawed. i ended relapsing on nicotine. and feeling so down. i feel a huge depression is coming to me now or soon.   thank you so much for taking the time to read."
